=== Page 1 ===
700 x 240mm; 4C2S;  Z-Fold;  Finished size 175 x 161mm
Each Loadout card comes with one permanent item already stored on the card. 
You may store Loot Chest items on the Inventory section of your Loadout card 
unless the Loot Chest card says otherwise.
You may store up to two Loot Chest items on your Loadout card unless the 
permanent item on your Loadout card allows you to store an extra item. If your 
Inventory is full and you obtain another Loot Chest item, you may exchange one 
of the items you already have for the new item, or do nothing. Place any items you 
don’t want to keep at the bottom of the Loot Chest deck.
Some Loot Chest items allow you to modify an action you rolled with the action die, 
while other items allow you to perform additional actions anytime on your turn.
Important:Important:  You may only use one  Loot Chest item to modify an action, but 
you might be able to combine it with your permanent item to inflict heavy 
damage on one or more opponents!
USING ITEMS ON YOUR LOADOUTGAME MODE CARDS: 
THE STORM
THE ACTION DIE
F7774
13+
2-4
WHAT IF I RUN OUT OF HP?
THE END OF THE GAME 
THE GAME ENDS WHEN ONLY ONE PLAYER IS LEFT STANDING.
FLIP. OUTSMART. SURVIVE.
CONTENTS:CONTENTS: Gameboard • 4 Plastic Character Tokens • 8 Cardboard Island Tiles • 16 Plastic Tile Brackets • 
4 Loadout Cards • 16 Location Cards • 16 Game Mode Cards (The Storm) • 16 Loot Chest Cards • 
4 Reference Cards • 1 Numbered Die • 1 Action Die with Labels • 70 Cardboard Health Point Chips
In this MONOPOLY FORTNITE game, it’s not about what you own—it’s about how long you can survive! 
But watch out! This is FLIP EDITION, which means you’ll flip island tiles on the gameboard to bring more  
chaos and excitement to your battle royale than ever before! Be the last player standing to win!Be the last player standing to win!
1   You roll a 3 with the numbered die, and Crosshairs 
with the action die.
4   You also have a reusable 
item, SLONE’S PULSE RIFLE, 
which allows you to modify 
your Crosshairs action. 
You could use it to target 
a different player, but you 
choose to target the same 
player again. They must pay 
4 HP to the Bank instead of 
the standard 1 HP!
HERE’S AN EXAMPLE:
2   You move first and land on Free Parking—a space that 
is shared by another player.
5   Because you targeted the same player twice by 
using your permanent item and a Loot Chest item, 
that player must pay a total of 9 HP to the Bank!
3   You have PLASMA SPIKE as your permanent item, 
which means that the player who shares your 
space must pay 5 HP to the Bank!
6   You also have a one-time-
use item, PIZZA SLICE, and as 
you only have 3 HP left, you 
decide to use it to perform an 
additional action! You collect 
5 HP from the Bank, place the 
PIZZA SLICE at the bottom of 
the Loot Chest deck, and then 
end your turn.
CrosshairsCrosshairs  
When you roll Crosshairs, 
choose any player in your  
line of sight to pay 1 HP  
to the Bank.
Note:Note:  A player is in your line  
of sight if they are on the 
same side of the board as 
you. That means when you 
are on a corner space, you 
have line of sight to two sides 
of the board. If a player is 
either on a wall space or on 
the other side of a wall space 
from you, they are out of the 
line of sight.
Boogie BombBoogie Bomb  
When you roll Boogie 
Bomb, all other players 
pay 1 HP to the Bank.
Storm SurgeStorm Surge  
When you roll Storm 
Surge, take the top card 
from the Game Mode 
deck and do what it says. 
See GAME MODE CARDS: 
THE STORM. 
As soon as you lose your last As soon as you lose your last HP, you’re out of the game! , you’re out of the game! 
Do the following:Do the following:
1. Remove your character from the board. 
2. Place any Loot Chest items you have onto the space where you lost your last HP. 
The next player to pass or land on that space picks them up! That player must 
then decide whether to keep the items or place them at the bottom of the Loot 
Chest deck.
3. Place any Location cards you have Storm-side-up on their matching board 
spaces. They’ve been taken by the Storm!
© 2023 Epic Games, Inc. Fortnite and its logo are trademarks of Epic Games, Inc. in the USA (Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off.) 
and elsewhere.
The HASBRO and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the 
MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are 
trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. 
© 1935, 2023 Hasbro. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
 
Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. 
 
Consumer contact: 
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516. 
Australia consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-au 
New Zealand consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-nz
The action die lets you 
perform a special action on 
your turn. You may perform 
that action before or after 
you move. Make sure you 
complete your action before 
the next player rolls the dice, 
or it’s too late!
If you have any Loot Chest If you have any Loot Chest 
cards with a symbol that cards with a symbol that 
matches the action you rolled, matches the action you rolled, 
you may modify that action—you may modify that action—
but you may only use but you may only use oneone of  of 
those cards to do so.those cards to do so.
You will take the top card from  You will take the top card from  
the Game Mode deck:the Game Mode deck:
•  When you roll a Storm Surge  
with the action die.
•  At the end of your turn, if you passed 
or landed on the GO space.
Note:Note: If you roll a Storm Surge and  
pass or land on GO, you will draw two 
Game Mode cards on your turn!  
Some Game Mode cards are called 
“The Storm Rages!” These cards will 
cause certain locations and corner 
spaces to be taken by the Storm.
When a location is taken by the Storm, 
its Location card is placed Storm-
side-up on that space. When a corner 
space is taken by the Storm, the Game 
Mode card itself is placed faceup on 
that space. In both cases, players must 
then follow the rules on the card, not 
the rules of the space, for the rest of 
the game! If the Storm takes a space 
while you’re on it, you do not lose 
any HP.
Once a Storm Rages card has been 
placed, it cannot be discarded—even 
if an island tile is later flipped. For 
example, if you need to flip a tile that 
has a Storm Rages card on it, remove 
the card from the board before 
flipping the tile. Then place the card 
back on the space.
Other Game Mode cards let you do 
things like trade Loot Chest items 
or force other players to roll the 
numbered die and pay that amount of 
HP to the Bank! Once a card like that 
has been used, it must be returned to 
the bottom of the Game Mode deck.
Med MistMed Mist 
When you roll Med Mist, 
collect 2 HP from the Bank—
but you can never have more 
than 15 HP!
PARENTS: PARENTS: 
www.monopoly.comwww.monopoly.com
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
®BRAND
F L  P  E D I T I O N
F L  P  E D I T I O N
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
®BRAND
F L  P  E D I T I O N
F L  P  E D I T I O N
F77740000_MN_Fortnite_I.indd   1F77740000_MN_Fortnite_I.indd   1 10/13/22   8:46 AM10/13/22   8:46 AM

=== Page 2 ===
700 x 240mm; 4C2S;  Z-Fold;  Finished size 175 x 161mm
 
UNCLAIMED LOCATIONS 
When you land on a location that no player has 
claimed, you may claim it for free! You don’t need 
to pay anything. Take the Location card. 
 
If a location is facedown because its island tile has 
been flipped, you may not claim it. Only locations 
that are faceup may be claimed.
GO  
When you pass or land on the GO 
space, collect 2 HP from the Bank. Then, 
at the end of your turn, flip over the 
top Game Mode card! See GAME MODE 
CARDS: THE STORM.
If the Storm has taken the GO space, do 
not collect 2 HP. Instead, pay 2 HP to the 
Bank! At the end of your turn, flip over a 
Game Mode card as normal.
FLIP ISLAND TILES!
At the start of the game, you’ll attach eight island 
tiles to the gameboard. Each tile has two locations 
on it, separated by a Flip space. When someone 
lands on a Flip space, they must flip its tile. If the 
locations are faceup when the tile is flipped, those 
locations will be turned facedown to reveal a wall, a 
cozy campfire, or a damage trap on the reverse side 
of the tile! Then if someone lands on that Flip space 
again, they must flip its tile back to the locations  
that were faceup before!
BUILD YOUR LOADOUT! 
As well as choosing your character at the start, 
you’ll also choose a Loadout card. Each card has 
one permanent item on it, which might allow you 
to do things like reroll the numbered die and move 
differently, or force another player to pay you or 
the Bank. You can store Loot Chest items on your 
Loadout card, and use them to attack or heal!
HEALTH POINTS 
Health point (HP) chips replace money. You earn HP 
by rolling a Med Mist symbol, by landing on a Cozy 
Campfire board space, or by using certain Loot Chest 
items. You lose HP if you are attacked by another 
player, you land on a damage trap, or you encounter 
the deadly Storm!
DROP FROM THE BATTLE BUS! 
In this game, you don’t have to start on GO! Instead, 
at the beginning of the game, players take turns 
placing their character anywhere on the board. This 
makes it easier for everyone to spread out and try to 
avoid getting attacked early in the game.
AN ACTION DIE 
Roll this along with the numbered die. On your turn, 
you’ll move AND you’ll activate an action such as 
targeting one or more players, collecting HP from the 
Bank, or drawing a Game Mode card! You may move 
first and then activate your action, or vice versa! Also, 
if you have any Loot Chest items, you might be able 
to modify your action or perform additional actions!
A GAME MODE DECK 
You’ll draw from this deck every time you pass GO 
or roll the Storm Surge symbol on the action die. 
Some of these cards tell you which board space 
you must cover with the Storm, while other cards 
tell you to do things like move to a different space 
or flip over up to two island tiles!
THE FIRST TIME YOU PLAY
Place the remaining HP chips in  
a separate pile as the Bank.
Note:Note: You can never have more than 
15 HP. If you have 15 HP and any 
action requires you to collect more, 
do not collect any. 
WHAT’S DIFFERENT ABOUT 
MONOPOLY FLIP EDITION: 
FORTNITE?
Important:Important:  If a location is facedown because its island tile has been 
flipped, follow the rules for the reverse side of that space—it might 
be a wall, a cozy campfire, or a damage trap! See ACTION SPACES.
SET IT UP! PLAY!
15 x 1 x
THE BOARD SPACES 
LOCATIONS TAKEN BY THE STORM 
You may not claim a location that has been 
taken by the Storm.
A location is taken by the Storm when its 
Location card is placed Storm-side-up on that 
space. If you land on a location taken by the 
Storm, you must pay the number of HP shown 
on the Storm side of the Location card to the 
Bank. Do not follow the rules of the space. 
See GAME MODE CARDS: THE STORM. 
 
 
If you must flip an island tile, and a location 
taken by the Storm is on that tile, remove the 
Location card from the board, flip over the tile, 
and then place the Location card Storm-side-
up back on the space. Continue to follow the 
rules on the Storm side of that card, not the 
rules of the space that has been revealed!
CLAIMED LOCATIONS 
When you land on a location that someone 
else has claimed, pay the number of HP 
shown on the space to the Bank.
LOCATIONS
COLLECT COLOR SETS! 
When you have claimed both locations in a color 
set, any time you land on one of those locations, 
you may collect 2 HP from the Bank.
FLIP 
When you land here, remove your 
character (and any other characters on 
that island tile) from the board. Then flip 
over the tile and place any characters 
back where they were. They do not 
follow the rules of the spaces that have 
been revealed.
COZY CAMPFIRE 
When you land here, 
collect 1 HP from the Bank.
DAMAGE TRAP 
When you land here, pay the number of 
HP shown on the space to the Bank. 
LOOT CHEST 
When you land here, draw a Loot Chest card.
There are two types of Loot Chest cards:
Reusable itemsReusable items  
You may use these items once 
per turn, and most of them can 
be used to modify an action 
you rolled. If you no longer 
want to keep one of these 
items, place it at the bottom of 
the Loot Chest deck. 
One-time-use items One-time-use items   
You may use these items 
once on your turn, and most 
of them cannotcannot be used to 
modify an action you rolled. 
Place these items at the 
bottom of the Loot Chest deck 
immediately after use.
You must store Loot Chest items on your Loadout 
card unless the Loadout card says otherwise.  
See USING ITEMS ON YOUR LOADOUT.
WALL  
When you land here, you can’t be 
targeted by an opponent who rolls 
Crosshairs (even if they are on the same 
wall space as you) unless they have a 
Loot Chest item that allows them to 
ignore line of sight.
Note:Note: Walls do not protect you from 
Boogie Bombs. Also, if you reach a wall 
but have moves left, you must pass the 
wall and complete your move.
JUST VISITING  
Don’t worry. If you land here, put your 
character in the Just Visiting section.
FREE PARKING 
Relax! Nothing happens.
HOW DO I GET OUT OF JAIL?
You have 2 options:
1.1. PayPay 2 HP to the Bank at the start of your next turn, 
then roll and move as normal.
2.2. Roll aRoll a 6 on your next turn. If you do, you’re free! 
Roll both dice, and take your turn as normal. You can 
use up to 3 turns to try for a 6. If you don’t roll a 6 by 
your third turn in Jail, get out of Jail for free, and use 
your last roll to move.
GO TO JAIL 
If you land here, do the following:
1.1. Move your character to the In Jail Move your character to the In Jail 
space immediatelyspace immediately. Do not pass GO. 
Do not collect 2 HP.
2.2. Draw a Game Mode cardDraw a Game Mode card and do 
what it says. Your turn is then over. 
 
Note:Note: If you move to Jail and the 
Storm has taken the In Jail space, 
you do not draw a Game Mode 
card. Roll and move as normal on 
your next turn.
WHILE IN JAIL 
If the Storm takes the In Jail space while you are in Jail, you 
get out for free because the Storm destroyed Jail! Roll and 
move as normal on your next turn. You may notmay not use your 
permanent item or any Loot Chest items while you’re in Jail, 
but other players may still attack you—so try to get out of 
Jail fast!
ACTION SPACES
2   Place each island tile location-side-up 
onto its matching section on the board.
7   Place the Location cards 
faceup next to their 
matching spaces.
6   Shuffle the Game Mode 
cards, and place them 
facedown here.
4   Shuffle the Loot Chest cards, 
then deal one to each player. 
Place your Loot Chest card 
faceup on one of the spaces in 
the Inventory section of your 
Loadout card unless the Loot 
Chest card says otherwise.
5   Place the rest of the Loot Chest 
cards facedown here.
8   Each player chooses a character, then rolls the numbered die. 
The highest roller places their character on the board first, 
on any spaceon any space. Then the player to their left places their character 
on any space, and so on, until everyone has placed their character.
 Note:Note: Do not carry out the rules of your starting space.
1   Each player takes 15 HP  
chips and a Reference card.
3   Each player chooses a Loadout card 
and places it in front of them. Each 
Loadout card has one permanent 
item on it.
ON YOUR TURN
1.1. Roll both dice, and do the following  
in any order:
 •  Move your character Move your character clockwise  
the number of spaces shown on the 
numbered die.
   Where did you land? Carry out the  
rules of that board space. 
See THE BOARD SPACES.
 •     Carry out Carry out the actionthe action on the action die.
   Remember to check your Loadout 
card and any Loot Chest items 
you have to see if you can modify 
the action you rolled or perform 
additional actions.
   See THE ACTION DIE and USING ITEMS 
ON YOUR LOADOUT.
2.2. At the end of your turn, if you passed  
or landed on GO, flip over the top  
Game Mode card. 
See GAME MODE CARDS: THE STORM.
2. 2.  Slide one tile bracket onto each 
end of every island tile.1.1.  Apply one label to each side of the 
action die in any arrangement.
HOW TO WIN 
Make your way around the board 
claiming locations, flipping island tiles, 
battling opponents, and avoiding any 
hazards. The last player standing when 
all other players have run out of HP wins!
DEALS & TRADES!
At any time on your turn, you may offer 
to trade locations and/or Loot Chest 
items with other players.
WHO GOES FIRST?
The player who placed their character on the 
board first goes first. Play continues to the left.
Remember, on your first turn, do not carry  
out the rules of your starting space.
F77740000_MN_Fortnite_I.indd   2F77740000_MN_Fortnite_I.indd   2 10/13/22   8:46 AM10/13/22   8:46 AM
