=== Page 1 ===
F2546
2-7
13+
www.monopoly.com
CONTENTS
Gameboard • 10 Character Tokens 
15 Storm Cards • 22 Location Cards
16 Loot Chest Cards • 8 Wall Cards
1 Numbered Die • 1 Action Die 
110 Plastic Health Point Chips
© 2021 Epic Games, Inc. Fortnite and its logo are trademarks of Epic Games, Inc. in the USA (Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off.) and elsewhere.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. 
MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro, 
Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. © 1935, 2021 Hasbro. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. Retain this information for future reference.
Consumer contact:
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-au
New Zealand consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-nz
THE ACTION DIE
The action die lets you perform a 
special action on your turn. Make 
sure you complete the action you roll 
before the next player rolls the dice, 
or it’s too late!
WHAT IF I RUN OUT OF HP?STORM CARDS
When you land on or pass GO,  
the eye of the Storm shrinks! 
At the end of your turn, draw the top Storm 
card. It will tell you which space is being taken 
by the Storm. The card will tell you to place 
it on a certain board space, or, if a location is 
being taken by the Storm, the  
card will ask you to place that space’s location 
card Storm-side up on that space. 
When you land on a location taken by the 
Storm, you must pay the number of HP  
shown on the card to the Bank. 
When you land on any other board space 
taken by the Storm, you must pay 2 HP to  
the Bank. 
Do not carry out the action of a space if  
the Storm has taken it. 
Once Storm cards have been placed, 
 they can’t be moved. 
If the Storm takes a space while 
you’re on it, you do not lose 2 HP.
THE END OF THE GAME
The game ends when only one player is left standing.
WHAT DO WALLS DO?
When you reach a space with a wall, 
no matter who placed it there, you 
must end your movement there 
and carry out the action of that 
space. Then remove the wall, and 
put it in the wall card pile. 
When you roll crosshairs, choose any player in 
your line of sight to pay 1 HP to the Bank. A player 
is in your line of sight if they are on the same side 
of the board as you. That means when you are on 
a corner space, you have line of sight to two sides 
of the board. Check any Loot Chest items you have 
to see if you can modify your crosshairs action!
 
When you roll a Boogie Bomb, all other players 
pay 1 HP to the Bank, and all walls are destroyed. 
Remove them from the board, and put them in the 
wall card pile.
 
When you roll stone, move, and complete the 
action of that space. Then place a wall, standing 
up, on any space in your path. Here’s an example: 
When you roll Bandages, 
collect 2 HP from the Bank.
Recruit (Jonesy) started 
on GO and rolled a 5, so 
he can place a wall on 
any of the highlighted 
spaces, including GO. 
In the example below, Lynx rolled a 6 and 
crosshairs. If she moves first, she will have to stop 
on the space with a wall that is only 4 spaces away. 
She’ll end her turn there, remove the wall, and 
lose 2 HP for landing on a place where the Storm 
has taken over. She could then attack Recruit 
(Jonesy) with the crosshairs. 
However, if she uses her crosshairs first, she can 
destroy the wall, move her full roll of 6, and collect 
the location card for The Rig. 
HERE’S AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO DESTROY A WALL AND 
WHY IT MATTERS WHICH DIE YOU USE FIRST.
When you’re on a space with a wall, you can’t be 
harmed by any action die or Loot Chest  
item attacks. 
You may remove a wall simply by reaching that 
space or by attacking it with any action die or 
Loot Chest item the same way you would attack 
another player.
As soon as you lose your last HP, you’re out  
of the game! Do the following: 
1. Take your character off the board.
2. Place any Loot Chest items you have 
onto the space where you lost your last 
HP. The next person to pass or land on 
that space picks them up! 
3. Place any location cards you have on 
their matching board spaces Storm-side 
up. They’ve been taken by the Storm! 
REMEMBER, YOU CAN NEVER  
HAVE MORE THAN 15 HP!
DICE ROLL
PARENTS:
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game 
c
    BRAND®
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c     BRAND®
®
700 x 161mm Flat  (folded 175x161mm) / 4c  /  2s   
F25460000_MN_FORTNITE_I.indd   1F25460000_MN_FORTNITE_I.indd   1 2/6/21   6:39 PM2/6/21   6:39 PM

=== Page 2 ===
1
32
4
 5
THE BOARD SPACES 
GO
If you land on or 
pass GO, collect 2 
HP from the Bank. 
At the end of your 
turn, flip over the 
top Storm card!  
See STORM CARDS. 
COZY CAMPFIRE
When you land here, collect 1 HP  
from the Bank. Take a rest!
DAMAGE TRAP
When you land here, pay 1 HP  
to the Bank. 
LOOT CHEST
When you land here, draw a Loot Chest card.
Some Loot Chest cards say they are for one-time use.  
You may keep one-time use cards until you are ready to  
use them and may use them at any time on your turn.  
After you use a one-time use card, place it at the bottom  
of the Loot Chest deck. 
Some Loot Chest cards may be kept and will help you 
throughout the game. For example, if you have the  
BUSH card, Boogie Bombs will not damage you.
There is no limit to how many Loot Chest cards you can have.
You may use more than one Loot Chest card per turn; however, 
if you roll crosshairs, you can use only one Loot Chest card to 
modify that crosshairs action.
Remember, you can’t have more than 15 HP. If you draw  
a health item but already have the max 15 HP, you may keep  
the item and use it later.
JUST VISITING
MOTORBOAT AND CHOPPA
Don’t worry. If you land here, put your 
character in the Just Visiting section.
If you land here, advance to the next 
unclaimed location on the board, and 
claim it for free! If you pass GO, do not 
collect 2 HP from the Bank. If you reach 
a space with a wall, end your movement 
there and carry out the action of that 
space, then remove the wall. See What 
do walls do? If there are no unclaimed 
locations, do nothing. 
WHILE IN JAIL
Other players may still attack you while you’re in Jail.   
If the Storm takes the Jail space while you are in Jail, 
you do not lose 2 HP. Instead, you get out of Jail for 
free! Roll and move as normal on your next turn.  
HOW DO I GET OUT OF JAIL? 
You have 2 options: 
1. Pay 2 HP at the start of your next turn, then 
roll and move as normal.
2. Roll a 6 on your next turn. If you do, you’re 
free! Roll both dice, and take your turn as 
normal.  
You can use up to 3 turns to try for a 6. If you don’t 
roll a 6 by your third turn in Jail, get out of Jail for 
free, and use your last roll to move.  
If the Jail space has been taken by the Storm, you 
do not continue to lose HP each turn you are in Jail. 
You only lose the 2 HP once. 
GO TO JAIL 
If you land here, do the following:
FREE PARKING
Relax! Nothing happens. 
LOCATIONS ACTION SPACES
UNCLAIMED LOCATIONS
When you land on a location that 
no player has claimed and that 
hasn’t been taken by the Storm, 
you may claim it for free! You 
don’t need to pay anything.  
Take the location card. 
COLLECT COLOR SETS!
When you own each location in 
a color set, any time you land 
on one of those locations, you 
may collect 2 HP.
CLAIMED LOCATIONS
When you land on a 
location that someone 
else has claimed, pay the 
number of HP shown on 
the board to the Bank. 
LOCATIONS TAKEN 
BY THE STORM
When you land on a location 
that has been taken by the 
Storm (see STORM CARDS), 
pay the number of HP shown 
on the Storm side of the 
location card to the Bank. 
Note that you pay more HP 
for a location when it has 
been taken by the Storm. 
1. Move your character to the In Jail 
space immediately.  
If the Storm has taken the space, you 
lose 2 HP, but you are not in Jail. You can 
move normally on your next turn. 
2. Draw a Storm card, and cover the 
appropriate board space with the Storm.
You may not collect 2 HP for passing GO. 
Your turn is over. 
1. Roll both dice, and do the following in any order: 
 
 
 
 
 
2. At the end of your turn, if you landed on or passed GO,  
flip over the top Storm card. The eye of the Storm is 
shrinking! See STORM CARDS.
WHAT’S DIFFERENT ABOUT 
MONOPOLY FORTNITE?
HEALTH POINTS
Health point (HP) chips replace money. 
You earn HP by finding health with 
the roll of the dice, by landing on Cozy 
Campfire board spaces, or by collecting 
Loot Chest items. You lose HP if you 
are attacked by another player or if you 
find yourself in the Storm. 
THE LAST PLAYER STANDING WINS! 
In MONOPOLY Fortnite, it’s not about what you own; 
it’s about how long you can survive! Even if you’re able 
to claim the most locations, you still need to be the last 
player standing to win!
THE FIRST TIME YOU PLAY
SET IT UP!
DROP FROM THE BATTLE BUS! 
In this version of MONOPOLY, you don’t 
start on GO! Instead, at the beginning 
of the game, players take turns placing 
their character anywhere on the board. 
This makes it easier for players to 
spread out and try to avoid getting 
attacked early in the game.
AN ACTION DIE
Roll this along with the numbered die. 
On your turn, you’ll move AND you’ll 
activate an action like setting off a 
Boogie Bomb or building a wall on the 
board that will force players to stop on 
that space. 
THE STORM APPROACHES
Every time a player passes GO, they 
must draw a Storm card. The card will 
tell you which board space you must 
permanently cover with the Storm.
PLAY!
HOW TO WIN
Make your way around the board claiming locations, battling your 
opponents, and avoiding the Storm. The last player standing when  
all other players have run out of HP wins!
LOCATION DEALS
At any time on your turn, you may offer to trade locations  
and/or Loot Chest card items with other players. 
WHO GOES FIRST? 
The player who placed their character first goes first.  
Play continues to the left.
· Move your character that number of spaces.
 Where did you land? Carry out the rules of that  
board space. See THE BOARD SPACES.
· Carry out the action on your action die.  
See THE ACTION DIE. 
ON YOUR TURN
Punch out each of the wall cards, and fold them so they stand up.
Each player takes 15 HP chips. Place 
the remaining HP chips within reach 
of all players. 
Note, you can never have more than 15 
HP. If you have 15 HP and any action 
requires you to collect more, do 
not collect any.
Shuffle the Storm 
cards, and place them 
facedown here. 
Shuffle the Loot Chest 
cards, and place them 
facedown here. 
The player who 
rolled highest 
takes the dice. 
Each player chooses a character, then rolls the numbered die. The highest roller has first choice 
of where they’ll start the game and places their character on that space. Character placement 
moves to the left. On your first turn, do not carry out the rules of your starting space.
If the Storm has taken 
the GO space, players  
no longer collect 2 HP  
for passing or landing  
on GO but continue to  
draw Storm cards.
700 x 161mm Flat  (folded 175x161mm) / 4c  /  2s   
F25460000_MN_FORTNITE_I.indd   2F25460000_MN_FORTNITE_I.indd   2 2/6/21   6:39 PM2/6/21   6:39 PM
