=== Page 1 ===
BUILDINGS HELP! I CAN’T PAY!
Building Holdfasts
As soon as you get a color set, you can start buying 
Holdfasts (you don’t have to wait for your turn). 
Pay the Royal Treasury the cost on the Title Deed 
card, and place a Holdfast on the Location.
You must build evenly. You cannot build a second 
Holdfast on a Location until you’ve built one on 
each Location in the set. You can only have 4 
Holdfasts on a Location. 
Try to raise money.
If you owe money and can’t pay, try to raise 
money by selling buildings back to the Royal 
Treasury and/or mortgaging properties.
DEALS & 
TRADES
You can buy, sell, or swap 
property with other players 
at any time.
You must sell all buildings 
in a color set to the Royal 
Treasury before you can sell 
or trade a Location. You 
cannot sell or trade buildings 
to another player.
Property can be traded for 
coins, other property, and/
or Get Out of Jail Free cards. 
The amount is decided by the 
players making the deal.
Mortgaged property can 
be traded at any agreed-
upon price. The new owner 
may repay the mortgage 
(pay the Royal Treasury the 
unmortgage cost) at any 
time.
Rent cannot be collected on properties that 
are mortgaged. However, the increased rent 
level can be collected on the unmortgaged 
Locations in a color set. 
 
The increased rent on unmortgaged Faiths 
and Orders may be collected in the same way.
1 2
Selling Buildings
Sell Castles to the Royal Treasury for the same price, 
and exchange them immediately for 4 Holdfasts.
Sell Holdfasts to the Royal Treasury for half the cost 
price. Round up if needed. Holdfasts must be sold 
evenly across the color set. 
Mortgaging Property
To mortgage a property, you must first sell all 
buildings in its color set to the Royal Treasury 
at half their cost price. Round up if needed.
To mortgage, turn the Title Deed card 
facedown, and collect the mortgage value on 
the back from the Royal Treasury.
To repay a mortgage, pay the unmortgage 
cost to the Royal Treasury, then turn the card 
faceup. 
www.monopoly.com
CONTENTS
Gameboard
6 Tokens
28 Title Deed Cards
Iron Throne Card Holder
with Musical Stand
32 Chance Cards
32 Holdfasts
12 Castles
2 Dice
95 Cardboard Coins
(42 Gold Dragons,
53 Silver Stags)
E3278
2-6 PLAYERS
ADULT
Building Castles
Once you have 4 Holdfasts on all Locations in a color 
set, you can pay to upgrade to a Castle.
Pay the Castle cost on the Title Deed card, return all 4 
Holdfasts to the Royal Treasury, and put a Castle on 
the Location.
You can only have 1 Castle per Location. You can’t add 
any more Holdfasts.
You cannot build on a Location if any Location in its 
color set is mortgaged. 
Not enough buildings?
If multiple players want to buy the last Holdfast or Castle, the Master 
of Coin must auction it. Bids start at 
1 and anyone can increase the 
bid by as little as 1. You don’t need to follow turn order. Payment 
goes to the Royal Treasury. 
No buildings left? 
You can’t buy any until someone sells theirs back. 
Official HBO Licensed Product. Game of Thrones series title, 
artwork, photographs, and game movers © 2018 Home Box 
Office, Inc. All Rights Reserved. HBO and related trademarks are 
the property of Home Box Office, Inc. Under license to Hasbro, 
Inc.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the 
distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, 
the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of 
the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are 
trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game 
equipment.
© 1935, 2018 Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. 
All Rights Reserved. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Consumer contact:
USA and Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. 
Box 200, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: auconsumercare@ap.hasbro.com 
New Zealand consumer service: nzconsumercare@hasbro.com
TOP TIPS
To keep your game short and sweet, 
don’t use house rules!
Always auction when someone doesn’t want to 
buy the property they’ve landed on.
Never loan money to other players or make deals 
not to charge each other rent.
Never put coins in the center of the board; you 
don’t get a bonus for landing on Free Parking! 
If you’re still in debt, you are 
bankrupt and out of the game!
Give them all your mortgaged properties and 
any Get Out of Jail Free cards.
The new owner may repay the mortgage 
(pay the Royal Treasury the unmortgage cost) 
at any time. 
Return all your properties to the Royal Treasury. 
Any mortgages are canceled.
 
All your properties must immediately be put up for 
auction.
Return any Get Out of Jail Free cards to the bottom 
of the appropriate deck.
Do you owe another player?
Do you owe the Royal Treasury?
The remaining players keep playing until 
there is only one person left in the game.
That player is the winner!
ALKALINE BATTERIES REQUIRED 
DEMO BATTERIES INCLUDED
x2 1.5 V AA
FCC Statement
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must 
accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B 
digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide 
reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy, and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user 
is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
CAUTION : Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved by the 
party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
CAN ICES-3 (B) / NMB-3 (B)
IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION
 CAUTION:
1. TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE
a. Always follow the instructions carefully. Use only batteries specified and be sure to insert them correctly by 
matching the + and – polarity markings.
b. Do not mix old batteries and new batteries or standard (carbon-zinc) with alkaline batteries.
c. Remove exhausted or dead batteries from the product.
d. Remove batteries if product is not to be played with for a long time.
e. Do not short-circuit the supply terminals.
f. RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: Do not mix these with any other types of batteries. Always remove from the product 
before recharging. Recharge batteries under adult supervision. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES OF BATTERIES.
2. Should this product cause, or be affected by, local electrical interference, move it away from other electrical 
equipment. Reset (switching off and back on again or removing and re-inserting batteries) if necessary.
TO REPLACE BATTERIES
Replace demo batteries with 
alkaline batteries.  
Use a Phillips/cross head 
screwdriver
(not included).
®
E3278000_MN_GOT_I.indd   1 11/26/18   9:44 PM

=== Page 2 ===
SET IT UP! PLAY! THE BOARD SPACES ACTION SPACES
1 Choose someone to be the Master of Coin. 
The Master of Coin is in charge of:
3 Place the Iron Throne on top 
of the musical stand here. You 
can push the button to play the 
Game of Thrones theme song! 
Push the button again to stop 
the music.
4 Shuffle the Chance cards, 
and place them in the 
Iron Throne.
5 Each player 
chooses a 
token and 
places it on 
GO.
6 Put the dice by the gameboard. 
2 Master of Coin, give each player:
The Master of Coin can play too but 
must keep their money separate from 
the Royal Treasury.
1. Roll both dice.
2. Move your token clockwise that number of 
spaces.
3. Where did you land? Carry out the rules of 
that board space.  See THE BOARD SPACES. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Your turn ends. Pass the dice to your left. 
How to win
Move around the board buying as many properties 
as you can. The more you own, the more rent you’ll 
be able to collect from other players. If you’re the 
last player with money when all other players have 
gone bankrupt, you win!
GO
When you pass or land on 
the GO space, collect 
2 
from the Royal Treasury.
Just Visiting
Don’t worry. If you land 
here, put your token in 
the Just Visiting section. 
Go To Jail 
Move your token to the In 
Jail space immediately! Do 
not collect 
2 for passing 
GO. Your turn is then over. 
You can still collect rent, 
bid during auctions, buy 
Holdfasts and Castles, 
mortgage, and trade while 
you are In Jail. 
Chance Cards
Take the top card from the 
Iron Throne.
Read the card aloud, and 
immediately do what it says. 
Return it to the pile when done.
If the card tells you you may 
keep it until you’re ready to 
use it, do so. After you use it, 
return it to the pile.
The Dothraki 
Tribute and Iron 
Bank Tax
Pay the Royal Treasury the 
amount shown on the space. 
Free Parking
Relax! Nothing happens. 
PROPERTIES
There are three types of properties: Locations, which come in color sets, Faiths, and Orders.
Unowned Properties
When you land on an unowned Location, Faith, or Order, you must buy it or auction it. 
Owned Properties
When you land on a property that someone else owns, 
the owner must ask you for rent. If they do, you must 
pay. If they don’t ask before the next player rolls the 
dice, you don’t have to pay!
Collect color sets!
When you own each Location in a color set: 
Want to buy it? 
Pay the price on the board space, and take the Title Deed card from the Royal Treasury.
Locations
Pay the rent shown on the 
Location’s Title Deed card. 
Orders
There are two Order spaces: Citadel of 
Maesters and Castle Black.
Roll both dice to determine rent. If the 
owner has 1 Order, pay half the amount 
rolled. Round up if needed. If the owner 
has 2 Orders, pay the amount rolled. 
Who goes first?
The last player to have watched an episode of Game 
of Thrones starts, and play moves to the left.
Start playing!
That’s all you need to know, so begin your journey. 
Look up the spaces as you land on them. 
On your turn
Total = 30
Keep the rest 
of the coins 
in the box 
as the Royal 
Treasury. 
5 Gold Dragons
(worth 
5 Each)
5 Silver Stags
(worth 1 each) 
• The Royal Treasury’s money
• Holdfasts
• Castles
• Title Deed cards
• Auctions
Did you roll a double? Roll the dice again, 
and take another turn.  
Watch out! If you roll a double 3 times in a 
row, you must immediately Go To Jail! Do 
not complete your third turn.
Don’t want to buy it? 
The Master of Coin must auction it. Bidding starts at 1, and anyone can 
increase the bid by as little as 1. You don’t need to follow turn order, 
and the Master of Coin ends the auction when no player is willing 
to increase the bid. The highest bidder pays the Royal Treasury. 
If no one wants to bid on the property, that’s fine. No one pays 
anything, and the Title Deed stays with the Royal Treasury. 
• You can double the rent for those Locations! 
• You may build Holdfasts and Castles and 
charge even more rent! See BUILDINGS.
Faiths
There are four Faith spaces: The Old 
Gods, The Many-Faced God, The Lord 
of Light, and The Seven.
Pay rent based on the number of Faiths the owner has. 
Faiths:     1   2   3   4
Rent:   
1 2 4 8 
How do I get out of Jail?
You have 3 options:
1. Pay 5 at the start of your next turn; then, 
roll and move as normal.
2. Use a Get Out of Jail Free card at the start 
of your next turn if you have one (or buy one 
from another player). Put the card at the 
bottom of the appropriate deck; then, roll and 
move. 
3. Roll a double on your next turn. If you do, 
you’re free! Use the roll to move, and that’s the 
end of your turn. 
 
You can use up to 3 turns to try for a double. 
If you don’t roll a double by your third turn In 
Jail, pay 
5, and use your last roll to move.
E3278000_MN_GOT_I.indd   2 11/26/18   9:44 PM
