=== Page 1 ===
1 2
SPECTRAL STORAGE 
DEVICES
HELP! I CAN’T PAY!
Adding Ghost Traps
As soon as you get a color set, you can start adding Ghost 
Traps (you don’t have to wait for your turn). 
Pay the Bank the cost on the Contract card, and place a 
Ghost Trap on the contract.
You must add evenly. You cannot add a second Ghost Trap 
on a contract until you’ve added one on each contract in 
the set. You can only have 4 Ghost Traps on a contract.
Try to raise money.
If you owe money and can’t pay, try to raise money 
by selling spectral storage devices back to the Bank 
and/or mortgaging contracts.
If you’re still in debt, you are
bankrupt and out of the game!
Give them all your mortgaged Contract cards  
and any Get Out of Jail Free cards.
The new owner must immediately:
Repay the mortgage (pay the Bank the 
unmortgage cost).
Or keep the mortgage (just pay the Bank  
10% of the mortgage value now).
Do you owe another player?
Do you owe the Bank?
The remaining players keep 
playing until there is only one 
person left in the game.  
That player has saved New York 
City from all supernatural forces 
and is the winner!
DEALS & 
TRADES
You can claim, sell, or swap 
contracts with other players at 
any time. 
You must sell all spectral 
storage devices on a color set 
to the Bank before you can sell 
or trade a contract. You cannot 
sell or trade spectral storage 
devices to another player.
Contracts can be traded for 
cash, other contracts, and/
or Get Out of Jail Free cards. 
The amount is decided by the 
players making the deal.
Mortgaged contracts can be 
traded at any agreed-upon 
price.
The new owner must 
immediately:
Repay the mortgage  
(pay the Bank the unmortgage 
cost).
Or keep the mortgage  
(just pay the Bank 10% of the 
mortgage value now).
Fees cannot be collected on contracts that are 
mortgaged. However, the increased fee level 
can be collected on the unmortgaged contracts 
in a color set.
Selling Storage Devices
Sell Containment Units to the Bank for half the 
cost price, and exchange them immediately for 4 
Ghost Traps. 
Sell Ghost Traps to the Bank for half the cost price. 
Ghost Traps must be sold evenly across the color set.
Mortgaging Contracts
To mortgage a contract, you must first sell all spectral 
storage devices in its color set to the Bank at half their 
cost price.
To mortgage, turn the Contract card facedown, and 
collect the mortgage value on the back from the Bank. 
To repay a mortgage, pay the unmortgage cost  
to the Bank (mortgage value +10%), then turn the 
card faceup.
TOP 
TIPS Parents: www.monopoly.com
To keep your game short and sweet, don’t use house rules!
Always auction when someone doesn’t want to claim the contract they’ve landed on.
Never loan petty cash to other players or make deals not to charge each other fees. 
Never put cash in the center of the board; you don’t get a bonus for landing on Free Parking!
CONTENTS
Gameboard
6 Tokens
Ghost Trap Card Holder
22 Contract Cards
32 Roaming Vapor Cards
32 Ghost Traps
12 Containment Units
2 Dice
Pack of Petty Cash
E9479Adding Containment Units
Once you have 4 Ghost Traps on all contracts in a color set, 
you can pay to upgrade to a Containment Unit.
Pay the Containment Unit cost on the Contract card, return 
all 4 Ghost Traps to the Bank, and put a Containment Unit  
on the contract.
You can only have 1 Containment Unit per contract.  
You can’t add any more Ghost Traps.
You cannot add to a contract if any contract in its color set  
is mortgaged. 
Not enough spectral storage devices?
If multiple players want to buy the last Ghost Trap or Containment Unit, 
the Banker must auction it. Bids start at a10 and anyone can increase 
the bid by as little as a1. You don’t need to follow turn order. Payment 
goes to the Bank.
No spectral storage devices left?
You can’t buy any until someone sells theirs back.
Retain this information for future reference. 
Ghostbusters TM & © 2020 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, 
as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment.
© 1935, 2020 Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Consumer contact: 
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200,  
Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: auconsumercare@ap.hasbro.com
New Zealand consumer service: nzconsumercare@hasbro.com
IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION
 CAUTION:
1. As with all small batteries, the batteries used with this 
product should be kept away from small children who still 
put things in their mouths. If they are swallowed, promptly 
see a doctor and have the doctor phone (202) 625-3333 
collect. If you reside outside the United States, have the 
doctor call your local poison control center.
2. TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE
a. Always follow the instructions carefully. Use only 
batteries specified and be sure to insert them correctly 
by matching the + and - polarity markings.
b. Do not mix old batteries and new batteries or standard 
(carbon-zinc) with alkaline batteries.
c. Remove exhausted or dead batteries from the product.
d. Remove batteries if product is not to be played with for 
a long time.
e. Do not short-circuit the supply terminals.
f. RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: Do not mix these with 
any other types of batteries. Always remove from the 
product before recharging. Recharge batteries under 
adult supervision. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES 
 
OF BATTERIES.
3. Should this product cause, or be affected by, local electrical 
interference, move it away from other electrical equipment. 
Reset (switching off and back on again or removing and 
re-inserting batteries) if necessary.
TO REPLACE BATTERIES
Replace demo batteries with alkaline 
batteries.  Use a Phillips/cross head 
screwdriver (not included).
ALKALINE BATTERIES REQUIRED
DEMO BATTERIES INCLUDED
x2 1.5V AAA
FCC Statement
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject 
to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful 
interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, 
including interference that may cause undesired operation.
NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits 
for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These 
limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful 
interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses 
and can radiate radio frequency energy, and, if not installed and used in 
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will 
not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one or more of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
CAUTION: Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved 
by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to 
operate the equipment.
CAN ICES-3 (B) / NMB-3 (B)
Return all your Contract cards to the Bank.  
Any mortgages are cancelled.
All your contracts must immediately be put  
up for auction.  
Place any Get Out of Jail Free cards faceup 
next to the Ghost Trap Card Holder.
AGES
8+ 2-6
PLAYERS
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
®BRAND
E94790000_MN_GHOSTBUSTERS_I.indd   1 10/3/19   7:48 PM

=== Page 2 ===
3
1
2
SET IT UP! PLAY! THE BOARD SPACES ACTION SPACES
Choose someone to be the Banker. 
The Banker’s in charge of: 
Shuffle the Roaming Vapor cards, 
and place them facedown inside 
the Ghost Trap Card Holder!
Each player chooses a token and 
places it on GO.
5 Put the dice by the gameboard.
Banker, give each player:
The Banker can play too but must keep 
their petty cash separate from the Bank.
1. Roll both dice.
2. Move your token clockwise that number of spaces.
3. Where did you land? Carry out the rules of that board 
space.  See THE BOARD SPACES. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Your turn ends. Pass the dice to your left. 
How to win
There’s something strange in the neighborhood…and you 
got the call! Travel through New York City, win ghostbusting 
contracts, and team up to battle Slimer, Stay Puft, and 
other supernatural entities. Numerous ghost sightings have 
been reported, so clear your head—and do not think of 
marshmallows. If you’re the last player with petty cash when 
all other players have gone bankrupt, you win! (And you will 
have saved the lives of millions of registered voters!)
GO
Roaming Vapor
When you pass or land on the GO space, 
collect a200 from the Bank.
Take the top card from the deck, and 
immediately do what it says. Leave it 
faceup next to the Ghost Trap Card Holder 
when done.
Just Visiting
Don’t worry, the mayor pulled 
some strings. If you land here, 
put your token in the Just 
Visiting section.
Go to Jail 
Move your token to the In Jail 
space immediately! Do not 
collect a200 for passing GO. 
Your turn is then over. You can 
still collect ghostbusting fees, 
bid during auctions, buy Ghost 
Traps and Containment Units, 
mortgage, and trade while you 
are in Jail.
ECTO-1
When you land on an ECTO-1 space, you 
may pay the Bank a50 to advance to any 
space between that ECTO-1 space and the 
next one. Follow the rules of the space you 
move to, then end your turn. Do not collect 
a200 for passing GO. If you don’t want to 
move at all, you can stay where you landed 
initially, pay nothing, and end your turn.
Supernatural Entity
When you land on one of these spaces, you 
must team up with the player on your left 
to battle a supernatural entity. To do battle, 
you and that player each roll one die. If 
your combined dice roll is the same as (or 
higher than) the roll listed on the space, 
you win the battle and both collect the 
appropriate amount of petty cash from the 
Bank. However, if your combined roll is too 
low, you lose and must both pay the petty 
cash to the Bank instead.
Free Parking
Relax! Maybe collect 
spores, molds, and fungus. 
Nothing happens here.
CONTRACTS
Unclaimed Contracts
When you land on an unclaimed contract, you must claim it or auction it.
Claimed Contracts
When you land on a contract that someone else has claimed, the owner must ask you for a ghostbusting 
fee. If they do, you must pay. If they don’t ask before the next player rolls the dice, you don’t have to pay!
Collect color sets!
When you own each contract in a color set:
Want to claim it? 
Pay the price on the board space, and take the Contract card from the Bank. 
Contracts
Pay the fee shown on the Contract 
card for that space.
Who goes first?
Each player rolls both dice. 
The highest roller starts, and play moves to the left.
Start playing!
That’s all you need to know, so get going—you ain’t afraid 
of no ghosts. Look up the spaces as you land on them.
On your turn
(Total = 1500)
Keep the rest of the petty cash 
in the box as the Bank.
• The Bank’s petty cash
• Ghost Traps
• Containment Units
• Contract cards
• Auctions
Did you roll doubles?
Roll the dice again, and take another turn. 
 
Watch out! If you roll doubles 3 times  
in a row, you must immediately go to Jail!  
Do not complete your third turn.
Don’t want to claim it? 
The Banker must auction it. Bidding starts at a10, and anyone can 
increase the bid by as little as a1. You don’t need to follow turn 
order, and the Banker ends the auction when no player is willing to 
increase the bid. The highest bidder pays the Bank. If no one wants 
to bid on the contract, that’s fine. No one pays anything, and the 
Contract card stays with the Bank.
• You can double your ghostbusting fees for those contracts! 
• You may add Ghost Traps and Containment Units and charge even 
more fees! See SPECTRAL STORAGE DEVICES.
How do I get out of Jail?
You have 3 options:
1. Pay a50 at the start of your next turn, then roll 
and move as normal. 
2. Use a Get Out of Jail Free card at the start of 
your next turn if you have one (or buy one from 
another player at any agreed-upon price). Place the 
card faceup next to the Ghost Trap Card Holder, then 
roll and move.
3. Roll doubles on your next turn. If you do, you’re 
free! Use the roll to move, and that’s the end of 
your turn.  
You can use up to 3 turns to try for doubles.  
If you don’t roll doubles by your third turn in Jail, 
pay a50, and use your last roll to move.
x 5
x 1
x 2
x 1
x 1
x 4
x 2
4
E94790000_MN_GHOSTBUSTERS_I.indd   2 10/3/19   7:48 PM
