=== Page 1 ===
700 x 161 mm, 4C2S Folded to 175 x 161
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
    BRAND®
AAA
AAA
ADULT ASSEMBLY 
REQUIRED.
 WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD–Small parts. 
Not for children under 3 years.
CONTENTS
Gameboard  
4 Cardboard Character Tokens (with plastic bases)
4 Character Cards • Coin Sound Unit • 20 Chance Cards 
48 Sold Signs (12 for each token) • Power-up Die  
Numbered Die • 90 Cardboard Coins • Label SheetPARENTS: www.monopoly.com
TM & © 2022 Nintendo. All Rights Reserved.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well 
as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. © 1935, 2022 Hasbro. 
TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA.
Consumer contact:
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P .O. Box 200, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-au
New Zealand consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-nz
PN00079400
F4817
5+
2-4
THE BOARD SPACES 
CONTINUED 
GO
When you pass or land on 
the GO space, collect 
x2 from the Bank. 
Chance
Take the top card from the 
Chance deck and do what 
it says. 
If the card tells you to pay 
another player or the Bank, 
but you don’t have enough 
coins to pay in full, pay 
what you can.
Put the card at the bottom 
of the deck when done.
Just Visiting
Don’t worry! If you  
land here, you’re  
not in Time Out. 
You’re just visiting!
Free Parking
Nothing happens 
here! Just wait 
until your  
next turn.
Go to Time Out
If you have no coins, you 
don’t go to Time Out! Instead, 
stay on the Go to Time Out 
space and end your turn.
If you have coins, move 
your token to the In Time Out 
space! Do not collect  
x2 for passing GO. Do 
not use your power-up die 
roll or press the Coin Sound 
Unit. Your turn is over.
You can still collect rent while 
In Time Out.
How do I get out of  
Time Out?
At the beginning of your next 
turn, you can:
 • use a Get Out of Time Out  
  Free card if you have one
 • or pay 
 x1 to the Bank.
Then roll both dice and take 
your turn.
THE END OF THE GAME
The game ends when the last property has been bought.
Then each player counts up their coins.
The player with the most coins wins!
If there is a tie, the tied player with the most properties wins!
PLAY THE ADVANCED GAME!
Once you’ve mastered the standard rules, try playing this way:
 • If you don’t have enough coins to pay rent or a Chance card  
  fee in full, pay what you can in coins, then:
   º If you owe another player, choose one of your properties  
    to give to them. 
   º If you owe the Bank, choose one of your properties to go  
    back to the Bank. 
 • If you still can’t pay, then you are bankrupt and the game ends.  
  Every player counts up their coins to see who wins! 
PLAYING WITHOUT SOUND?
On your turn, roll both dice, and move your token according to  
the numbered die as normal. 
Then check what you rolled with the power-up die:
 • If you rolled 
 , roll the numbered die again!
 º If you roll 
  or 
 , collect 
 x1 from the Bank.
 º If you roll 
  or 
 , collect 
 x2 from the Bank.
 º If you roll 
  or 
 , collect 
 x3 from the Bank.
 • If you rolled 
 , nothing happens.
1.5V
AAA / LR03 x2
NOT INCLUDED
IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION
Retain this information for future reference. Batteries should be replaced by an adult. 
 CAUTION:
As with all small batteries, the batteries used with this product should be kept away from small children who still put things 
in their mouths. If they are swallowed, promptly seek medical attention or contact your local emergency services.
TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE
1.  Always follow the instructions carefully. Use only batteries specified and be sure to insert them correctly by matching the + and – polarity markings.
2.  Do not mix old batteries and new batteries or standard (carbon-zinc) with alkaline batteries.
3.  Remove exhausted or dead batteries from the product.
4.  Remove batteries if product is not to be played with for a long time.
5.  Do not short-circuit the supply terminals.
6.  RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: Do not mix these with any other types of batteries. Always remove from the product before recharging. Recharge batteries under adult supervision. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES OF BATTERIES.
Should this product cause, or be affected by, local electrical interference, move it away from other electrical equipment. Reset (switching off and back on again or removing and re-inserting batteries) if necessary.
FCC STATEMENT
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may 
not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation. 
NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 
of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential 
installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy, and, if not installed and used in 
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee 
that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one or more of the following measures:  
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  
• Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.  
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
CAUTION: Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the 
user’s authority to operate the equipment. 
CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB-3(B)
DÉCLARATION DE LA FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
Cet équipement est conforme à la Section 15 des règlements de la FCC. Son fonctionnement est soumis aux deux conditions 
suivantes : [1] Cet équipement ne peut causer d’interférence nuisible ; [2] cet équipement doit pouvoir fonctionner même s’il 
capte de l’interférence, incluant celle pouvant provoquer un fonctionnement indésirable. 
NOTE : Cet équipement a été testé et est conforme aux limites d’un instrument numérique de classe B de la Section 15 des 
règlements de la FCC. Ces limites ont été établies pour assurer une protection raisonnable contre les brouillages préjudiciables 
dans une installation résidentielle. Cet équipement produit, utilise et peut rayonner des fréquences radioélectriques et, s’il 
n’ est pas monté et utilisé conformément aux instructions, peut créer un brouillage préjudiciable aux radiocommunications. 
Cependant, ces limites ne garantissent pas qu’il n’y aura pas d’interférence dans une installation particulière. Si ce jouet 
produit un brouillage préjudiciable aux transmissions télévisuelles ou radiophoniques, ce qui peut se déceler à la mise en 
marche et à l’arrêt du jouet, l’usager devrait corriger la situation en suivant une ou plusieurs des mesures suivantes :  
• réorienter ou replacer l’antenne de réception ;  
• augmenter la distance entre l’ équipement et le récepteur ; 
• demander l’aide d’un marchand ou d’un technicien en radio et télévision. 
ATTENTION : Toute modification ou altération apportée à cet appareil, sans autorisation expresse de la partie responsable de 
sa conformité, peut révoquer à l’utilisateur son droit de l’utiliser. 
F48170000_MN_Jr_SuperMario_I.indd   1F48170000_MN_Jr_SuperMario_I.indd   1 5/5/22   2:23 PM5/5/22   2:23 PM

=== Page 2 ===
700 x 161 mm, 4C2S Folded to 175 x 161
4.  Put the Coin Sound Unit and  
 the dice by the gameboard.
3.  Shuffle the Chance cards, and place 
 them facedown here.
2.  Each player takes:
 • A token—put yours on GO.
 • The matching character card  
  (they’re in the Chance deck!).
 • The 12 matching sold signs.
PLAY! 
Who goes first?
The youngest player goes first, and play 
moves to the left.
On your turn
1.  Roll both dice.
2.  Move your token clockwise the number  
 of spaces shown on the numbered die.
3.  Where did you land? Follow the rules  
 of that space!  
 See THE BOARD SPACES.
4.  What did you roll with the power-up die?
    
   Press the Coin Sound Unit.  
   Count the number of “pings”  
   you hear, and collect that  
   many coins from the Bank!
    Sorry, nothing  
    happens—you don’t  
    get to press the Coin  
    Sound Unit this time!
 
 5.  Your turn is over. Pass the dice 
  to the left!
 SET IT UP!
1.  Choose someone to be the  
 Banker. They’re in charge of the  
 Bank’s money!
 Banker, give each player  
 coins depending on the number 
 of players:  
 
  2 players = 
 x20 each
  3 players = 
 x18 each
  4 players = 
 x16 each
 The Banker can play too but must  
 keep their coins separate from  
 the Bank. 
THE FIRST TIME YOU PLAY  
1.  Punch out the character tokens, sold signs,  
 and coins from the cardboard.
2.  Place the character tokens on  
 their plastic bases.
3.  Apply one label to each side of the  
 power-up die in any arrangement. 
 
 
4.  Insert batteries (not included)  
 into the Coin Sound Unit. See  
 battery info on back page
   
HOW TO WIN
Move around the board exploring  
the Mushroom Kingdom, buying  
properties, and collecting coins.  
Roll the power-up die and press  
the Coin Sound Unit for a surprise!
The game ends when all the  
properties have been bought.  
Then the player with the  
most coins wins!
THE BOARD SPACES
PROPERTIES
There is one type of property:  
levels, which come in color sets.
Unowned Properties
When you land on an unowned property, you must buy it!
1.  Pay the Bank the amount shown on the space.
2.  Put one of your sold signs on that space!
If you don’t have enough coins to buy the property, do nothing.
Owned Properties
If you land on a property someone else owns, pay that player the amount shown 
on the space.
If you don’t have enough coins to pay the rent in full, pay them what you can!
If you land on your own property, do nothing.
Collect more coins with color sets!
If you own both properties of the same color, collect two times the rent whenever 
another player lands on one of those properties!
F48170000_MN_Jr_SuperMario_I.indd   2F48170000_MN_Jr_SuperMario_I.indd   2 5/5/22   2:23 PM5/5/22   2:23 PM
