=== Page 1 ===
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
®BRAND
Object of the Game
Race around an island theme park securing dinosaur paddocks and other key areas as a T. Rex runs amok. 
Build fences to protect the paddocks from attack, and earn money by charging other players rent. But beware…
if you hear the roar of a dinosaur when you activate the park’s gate, it could prove costly! The last player with 
money when all other players have gone bankrupt wins! 
Stay alert! The game also ends if the T. Rex damages all the properties before they can be protected with 
fences or repaired. Then all players lose!
REPAIRING 
PROPERTIES
BUILDING FENCES
DEALS & TRADES
HELP! I CAN’T PAY!
CONTENTS
Gameboard
6 Character Tokens
1 T. Rex Token
Jurassic Park  
Electronic Gate
28 Title Deed Cards
16 Cold Storage Cards
16 Impact Tremor Cards
24 Cardboard Fences
2 Dice
Money Pack
When the T. Rex lands on any property, 
it becomes damaged. Immediately turn 
that property’s Title Deed facedown. No 
rent may be collected on that property.
If the damaged property was unowned, 
it can still be bought or auctioned. But 
the new owner must repair it before they 
can collect rent on it.
To repair a property, the owner must pay the repair cost on 
the Title Deed card to the Bank, and then turn the card faceup. 
You can only pay to repair properties at the start of your turn—
unless they were given to you by a bankrupted player, in which 
case you can repair them immediately.
When one or more players owns a complete set of properties 
(i.e., each Dino Paddock in a color set, or all four Park Roads, 
or both Utilities), they can no longer be damaged by the T. Rex. 
And if any of those properties were already damaged, they are 
immediately repaired—for free!
As soon as you own one Dino Paddock in 
a color set, you can build a Fence on that 
property at the start of any future turn—
you do not need to own every property in 
the set to build.
Pay the Bank the cost on the Title Deed 
card, and place a Fence on the 
Dino Paddock.
You may only build a maximum of one Fence on each Dino 
Paddock that you own.
Fences may not be built on Park Roads or Utilities.
You may only charge more rent on Dino Paddocks by 
building Fences.
You can buy, sell, or swap property with other players at any time. 
Fences must stay on any Dino Paddocks that are traded. You cannot 
sell or trade only your Fences to another player.
Property can be traded for cash, other property, and/or Get Out of Jail 
Free cards. The amount is decided by the players making the deal.
THE END OF THE GAME
The game ends immediately when there is only one 
player left OR if all the properties are damaged.
If there is only one person left, that player is 
the winner! But if all the properties are 
damaged, no one wins!
TOP TIPS
To keep your game short and sweet, don’t 
use house rules!
• Always auction when someone doesn’t want 
to buy the property they’ve landed on.
• Never loan money to other players or make 
deals not to charge each other rent. 
• Never put cash in the center of the board; 
you don’t get a bonus for landing on 
Free Parking!
Playing with sound? 
Press the Jurassic Park button on the gate to 
hear various sounds. You can press it again to 
stop the sounds.
Playing without sound? 
Roll the amber die instead of activating the gate. 
If you roll a 1, 2, or 3: It’s the Jurassic Park 
theme song! 
If you roll a 4, 5, or 6: Oh boy, it’s the roar 
of a dinosaur!
1. Try to raise money. 
If you owe money and can’t pay, try to raise money by selling Fences 
back to the Bank for half the cost.
2. If you’re still in debt, you are bankrupt and out of the game! 
Do you owe another player? 
Give them all your properties and any Get Out of Jail Free cards. 
If any of your properties were damaged, their Title Deeds remain 
facedown. The new owner may repair those properties immediately 
(pay the Bank the repair cost) or do so at the start of any future turn. 
 
Do you owe the Bank? 
Return all your properties to the Bank by placing the Title Deed cards 
next to their matching board spaces. If any of those properties were 
damaged, their Title Deeds remain facedown. 
 
Return any Get Out of Jail Free cards to the bottom of the 
appropriate decks.
The T. Rex does not follow the rules 
of any board space, and it is always 
placed on the Free Parking space 
at the start of the game. The amber 
die determines how far the T. Rex 
moves, and you must always move 
the T. Rex first before moving your 
own token.
Rent cannot be collected on properties that 
are damaged—they must be repaired first. 
Watch out! 
If the T. Rex damages all the properties before they can be 
repaired, the game ends and no one wins!
© Universal City Studios LLC and Amblin Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive 
design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing 
pieces are trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. © 1935, 2021 Hasbro. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. Retain this information for future reference.
Consumer contact:
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200, 
Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-au
New Zealand consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-nz
TO REPLACE BATTERIES  
Use a Phillips/cross head 
screwdriver (not included). 
1.5V
AAA / LR03 x2
IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION
Retain this information for future reference. Batteries should be replaced by an adult. 
 CAUTION:
As with all small batteries, the batteries used with this product should be kept away from small children who still put things 
in their mouths. If they are swallowed, promptly see a doctor and have the doctor phone (202) 625-3333 collect. If you reside 
outside the United States, have the doctor call your local poison control center. 
TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE
1.  Always follow the instructions carefully. Use only batteries specified and be sure to insert them correctly by matching the + 
and – polarity markings.
2.  Do not mix old batteries and new batteries or standard (carbon-zinc) with alkaline batteries.
3.  Remove exhausted or dead batteries from the product.
4.  Remove batteries if product is not to be played with for a long time.
5.  Do not short-circuit the supply terminals.
6.  RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: Do not mix these with any other types of batteries. Always remove from the product before 
recharging. Recharge batteries under adult supervision. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES OF BATTERIES.
Should this product cause, or be affected by, local electrical interference, move it away from other electrical equipment. Reset 
(switching off and back on again or removing and re-inserting batteries) if necessary.
Did the T. Rex pass or land on your token? 
You must pay a50 to the Bank. 
(Note: If your token passes or lands on the T. Rex, you pay nothing.) 
FCC STATEMENT
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. 
NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital 
device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable 
protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, 
uses and can radiate radio frequency energy, and, if not installed and used in accordance with 
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no 
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause 
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the 
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of 
the following measures:  
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  
• Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.  
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
CAUTION: Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment. 
CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB-3(B)
Where did the T. Rex land?
• An unowned property  
That property is immediately damaged. Turn that property’s 
Title Deed facedown.
• An owned property without a Fence 
That property is immediately damaged. The owner turns that 
property’s Title Deed facedown.
• An owned property with a Fence  
That Fence is immediately destroyed. The owner returns 
that Fence to the Bank. The property itself remains 
undamaged—for now!
• An owned property that is already damaged 
Nothing happens. Keep that property’s Title 
Deed facedown.
• An owned property that is part a complete set 
That property and any properties in the set are safe and 
cannot be damaged. If those properties have any Fences, 
they are also safe and cannot be destroyed.
THE T. REX
F1662
8+
2-6
®
www.monopoly.com
PARENTS:
6.75x28 Flat  (folded 6.75x7) / 4c  /  2s   
F16620000_MN_JP_I.indd   1F16620000_MN_JP_I.indd   1 9/16/20   3:44 PM9/16/20   3:44 PM

=== Page 2 ===
SET IT UP!
Choose someone to be the Banker. 
The Banker’s in charge of: 
The Banker can play too but must keep 
their money separate from the Bank. 
• The Bank’s money
• Fences (fold in half)
• Title Deed cards
• Auctions
1
Shuffle the Cold 
Storage cards, 
and place them 
facedown here. 
3
Place the T. Rex 
token on the Free 
Parking space.
4
Put the Electronic Gate 
here. As you play, you’ll 
press the Jurassic Park 
button to hear various 
sounds. You can press it 
again to stop the sounds.
6
Shuffle the Impact Tremor 
cards, and place them 
facedown here. 
5
Put the dice by 
the gameboard.9
Each player 
chooses a token 
and places it on GO. 
8
PLAY!
How to win 
Move around the board buying as many properties 
as you can, and build fences where possible to 
protect the park from a rampaging T. Rex! The more 
properties you own, the more rent you’ll be able to 
collect from other players. If you’re the player with 
the most money at the end of the game, you win!
Who goes first? 
Each player rolls both dice. The highest roller starts, 
and play moves to the left.
On your turn
1. If you have any properties, you can pay to repair 
damaged ones. You may also be able to protect your 
undamaged properties with Fences. 
See REPAIRING PROPERTIES and BUILDING FENCES.
2. Roll both dice.
3. Move the T. Rex clockwise the number of spaces 
shown on the amber die. 
Where did the T. Rex land? And did it pass any 
players? See THE T. REX.
4. Move your token clockwise the number of spaces 
shown on both dice. 
Where did you land? Carry out the rules of that 
board space. See THE BOARD SPACES.
Banker, give each player:2
x 5
x 1
x 2
x 1
x 1
x 4
x 2
(Total = b1500)
Keep the rest of the money in 
the box as the Bank.
THE BOARD SPACES
PROPERTIES
Owned Properties
When you land on a property that someone else owns, the owner must ask you for rent. If they do, you 
must pay. If they don’t ask before the next player rolls the dice, you don’t have to pay!
Property sets
When one or more players owns each Dino Paddock in a color set, 
or each Park Road or Utility:
Want to buy it?
Pay the price on the board space, and take the Title Deed card.
Dino Paddocks
Pay the rent shown 
on the Dino Paddock’s 
Title Deed card. If the 
property has a Fence, 
the rent will be more. 
Don’t want to buy it?
The Banker must auction it. Bidding starts at a10, and anyone 
can increase the bid by as little as a1. You don’t need to follow 
turn order, and the Banker ends the auction when no player is 
willing to increase the bid. The highest bidder pays the Bank. 
If no one wants to bid on the property, that’s fine. No one pays 
anything, and the property remains unowned.  
THE RAMPAGING T. REX
You play as a character from Jurassic Park, 
but you’ll also move the T. Rex on your turn. If 
the T. Rex passes or lands on the same space 
as your token, you must pay a50 to the Bank.
If the T. Rex lands on any property, that property 
is immediately damaged—unless it has been 
protected with a fence or in some other way.
Note: The T. Rex does not follow the rules of 
any board space.
THE ELECTRONIC GATE
Every time you pass or land on the GO space, 
you must activate the park’s gate by pressing 
the Jurassic Park button. If you hear the movie’s 
theme song, you may collect a200 from the 
Bank. But if you hear a dinosaur roar, you collect 
only a100. Certain cards might also allow you to 
activate the gate. 
THE AMBER DIE
On your turn, roll the amber die along with the 
white die. The amber die roll determines how far 
the T. Rex moves first. Your combined roll then 
determines how far your token moves. Certain 
cards might allow you to roll the amber die 
again—and move the T. Rex further!
PROTECTIVE FENCES
You can build a fence as soon as you own just 
one dinosaur paddock in a color set—you do 
not need to own them all. Fences mean you 
can charge more rent, and they also offer some 
protection from the T. Rex. If the T. Rex lands on 
a fenced paddock, only the fence is destroyed—
the paddock itself remains intact!
• Those properties cannot be damaged by the T. Rex! If any of them 
had already been damaged and had not been repaired, you may 
repair them immediately for free! See REPAIRING PROPERTIES.
• You may not charge more rent by owning a complete set.
Park Roads
Pay rent based 
on the number 
of Park Roads 
the owner has.
Unowned Properties
When you land on an unowned property, you must buy it or auction it.
If the T. Rex has damaged that property, you can still buy it or auction it. But rent 
cannot be collected on that property until it is repaired. See REPAIRING PROPERTIES.
If the property has been damaged by the T. Rex, pay nothing!
ACTION SPACES
GO
When you pass or land on the 
GO space, press the Jurassic 
Park button on the Electronic 
Gate. If you hear the movie’s 
theme song, collect a200 from 
the Bank. If you hear the roar 
of a dinosaur, collect only a100.
Cold Storage 
and Impact Tremor
Take the top card from the matching 
deck, and immediately do what it says 
unless the card tells you otherwise. 
Return it to the bottom of the deck 
when done.
Security Breach 
and Kitchen Attack
Pay the Bank the amount 
shown on the space.
Just Visiting
Don’t worry. If you land here, put 
your token in the Just Visiting 
section. You’re elbow-deep in a 
big pile of dino droppings, trying 
to figure out if lilac berries made a 
beautiful Triceratops sick. 
Go to Jail 
Move your token to the In Jail space 
immediately! Do not collect any 
money for passing GO. Your turn is 
then over. You can still collect rent, 
bid during auctions, buy Fences, and 
trade while you are in Jail.
If the T. Rex passes or lands 
on your token while you are in 
Jail, you do not have to pay a50.
Free Parking
Relax! Nothing happens. 
You’re waiting for computer 
programmer Dennis Nedry to 
return to his desk. The guy 
wanted something sweet from 
the vending machines, but he 
sure is taking his time…
How do I get out of Jail?
You have 3 options:
1. Pay a50 at the start of your next turn, then roll and 
move as normal. 
2. Use a Get Out of Jail Free card at the start  
of your next turn if you have one (or buy one from 
another player). Put the card at the bottom of the 
appropriate deck, then roll and move.
3. Roll doubles on your next turn. If you do, you’re free! 
Use the roll to move, and that’s the end of your turn.   
You can use up to 3 turns to try for doubles. If you don’t 
roll doubles by your third turn in Jail, pay a50, and use 
your last roll to move.
WHAT’S DIFFERENT ABOUT MONOPOLY: 
JURASSIC PARK EDITION?
5. Your turn ends. Pass the dice to your left.
Example roll:
T. Rex 
moves 3                 
Your token 
moves 8
Did you roll doubles?
Roll the dice again, and
take another turn. 
Watch out! If you roll
doubles 3 times in a row,
you must immediately go
to Jail! Do not complete
your third turn.
There are three types of properties: Dino Paddocks, which come in color sets, Park Roads, and Utilities. 
Utilities
There are two Utilities: Control Room 
and Maintenance Shed. Roll the dice to 
determine rent. If the owner has 1 Utility, 
rent is 4x the dice roll. If the owner has 
2 Utilities, rent is 10x the dice roll.
Place the Title Deed 
cards faceup next to their 
matching board spaces.
7
6.75x28 Flat  (folded 6.75x7) / 4c  /  2s   
F16620000_MN_JP_I.indd   2F16620000_MN_JP_I.indd   2 9/16/20   3:44 PM9/16/20   3:44 PM
