=== Page 1 ===
1 2
E9517
8+
2-6
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
®BRAND
CELEBRATION!
CELEBRATION!
BUILDINGS HELP! I CAN’T PAY!
Building Toad Houses
As soon as you get a color set, you can start 
buying Toad Houses (you don’t have to wait 
for your turn). 
Pay the Bank the cost on the Title Deed card, 
and place a Toad House on the location.
You must build evenly. You cannot build a 
second Toad House on a location until you’ve 
built one on each location in the set. You can 
only have 4 Toad Houses on a location. 
Try to raise money.
If you owe money and can’t pay, try to raise 
money by selling buildings back to the Bank 
and/or mortgaging properties.
If you’re still in debt, you are
bankrupt and out of the game!
Give them all your mortgaged properties  
and any Get Out of Jail Free cards.
The new owner may repay the mortgage  
(pay the Bank the unmortgage cost) at any time.
Do you owe another player?
Do you owe the Bank?
THE END OF THE GAME
The remaining players keep playing 
until there is only one person left in 
the game. That player is the winner!
DEALS & 
TRADES
You can buy, sell, or 
swap property with other 
players at any time. 
You must sell all 
buildings on a color 
set to the Bank before 
you can sell or trade a 
location. You cannot sell 
or trade buildings to 
another player.
Property can be traded 
for coins, other property, 
and/or Get Out of Jail 
Free cards. The amount 
is decided by the players 
making the deal.
Mortgaged property  
can be traded at any 
agreed-upon price.  
The new owner may repay 
the mortgage (pay the 
Bank the unmortgage 
cost) at any time. Rent cannot be collected on properties 
that are mortgaged. However, the 
increased rent level can be collected on 
the unmortgaged locations in a color 
set. The increased rent on unmortgaged 
utilities may be collected in the same way.
Selling Buildings
Sell Peach’s Castles to the Bank for half 
the cost price, rounding up if needed, and 
exchange them immediately for  
4 Toad Houses.
Sell Toad Houses to the Bank for half the 
cost price, rounding up if needed. Toad 
Houses must be sold evenly across the 
color set.
Mortgaging Property
To mortgage a property, you must first sell 
all buildings in its color set to the Bank at 
half their cost price, rounding up if needed.
To mortgage, turn the Title Deed card 
facedown, and collect the mortgage value 
on the back from the Bank. 
To repay a mortgage, pay the unmortgage 
cost to the Bank, then turn the card faceup. Playing Without Sound
Parents: www.monopoly.com
If you’re playing without sound, roll the die again 
when you land on a Question Block space. 
If you roll a 1 or 2: Roll the die again and  
collect that many coins.
If you roll a 3 or 4: Pay the Bank 5 coins. 
If you roll a 5: Roll the die and move again.  
Follow the rules of the space where you land.
If you roll a 6: Pay the Bank 10 coins.
CONTENTS
Gameboard
6 Tokens
6 Question Block Reminder Cards
18 Title Deed Cards
32 Community Chest Cards
32 Toad Houses
12 Peach’s Castles
1 Die
90 Cardboard Coins  
(50 Golden Coins, 40 Five Coins)
Question Block Sound Unit
OBJECT
Move around the board exploring iconic 
Super Mario locations and buying as many 
as you can. The more you own, the more  
rent you’ll be able to collect from other  
players. If you’re the last player with  
money when all other players have  
gone bankrupt, you win!
Building Peach’s Castles
Once you have 4 Toad Houses on all locations 
in a color set, you can pay to upgrade to 
Peach’s Castle.
Pay the Peach’s Castle cost on the Title Deed 
card, return all 4 Toad Houses to the Bank,  
and put Peach’s Castle on the location.
You can only have 1 Peach’s Castle per 
location. You can’t add any more Toad Houses.
You cannot build on a location if any location  
in its color set is mortgaged. 
Not enough buildings?
If multiple players want to buy the last Toad House or Peach’s 
Castle, the Banker must auction it. Bids start at 1 coin and anyone 
can increase the bid by as little as 1 coin. You don’t need to follow 
turn order. Payment goes to the Bank. 
No buildings left? 
You can’t buy any until someone sells theirs back.
Retain this information for future reference. 
TM & © 2020 Nintendo. All Rights Reserved.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, 
as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment.
© 1935, 2020 Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Consumer contact: 
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200,  
Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: auconsumercare@ap.hasbro.com
New Zealand consumer service: nzconsumercare@hasbro.com
IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION
 CAUTION:
1. As with all small batteries, the batteries used with this 
product should be kept away from small children who still 
put things in their mouths. If they are swallowed, promptly 
see a doctor and have the doctor phone (202) 625-3333 
collect. If you reside outside the United States, have the 
doctor call your local poison control center.
2. TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE
a. Always follow the instructions carefully. Use only 
batteries specified and be sure to insert them correctly 
by matching the + and - polarity markings.
b. Remove exhausted or dead batteries from the product.
c. Remove batteries if product is not to be played with for 
a long time.
d. Do not short-circuit the supply terminals.
e. RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: Do not mix these with 
any other types of batteries. Always remove from the 
product before recharging. Recharge batteries under 
adult supervision. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES  
OF BATTERIES.
3. Should this product cause, or be affected by, local electrical 
interference, move it away from other electrical equipment. 
Reset (switching off and back on again or removing and 
re-inserting batteries) if necessary.
TO REPLACE BATTERIES
Replace demo batteries with alkaline 
batteries.  Use a Phillips/cross head 
screwdriver (not included).
FCC Statement
This device complies with Part 15 of the 
FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the 
following two conditions: (1) This device 
may not cause harmful interference, and 
(2) this device must accept any interference 
received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation.
NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits 
for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These 
limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful 
interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses 
and can radiate radio frequency energy, and, if not installed and used in 
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will 
not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one or more of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
CAUTION: Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved 
by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to 
operate the equipment.
CAN ICES-3 (B) / NMB-3 (B)
Return all your properties to the Bank.  
Any mortgages are canceled.
All your properties must immediately be put 
up for auction. 
Return any Get Out of Jail Free cards to the 
bottom of the Community Chest deck.
PARENTS: www.monopoly.com
  PN00050820
1.5V
AAA / LR03 x1
E95170000_MN_SM_I.indd   1 12/9/19   10:40 AM

=== Page 2 ===
SET IT UP! PLAY! THE BOARD SPACES ACTION SPACES
Choose someone to be the Banker. 
The Banker’s in charge of: 
Shuffle the Community 
Chest cards, and place 
them facedown here.
Place the Question Block here.  
The first time you play, replace the 
demo battery. See battery information 
at the back of this game guide.
Each player chooses a 
token and places it on GO.
Put the die by the 
gameboard.
Banker, give each player:
The Banker can play too but must keep 
their money separate from the Bank.
1. Roll the die.
2. Move your token clockwise that number  
of spaces.
3. Where did you land? Carry out the rules of 
that board space. See THE BOARD SPACES.
4. Your turn ends. Pass the die to your left. 
1 How to win
Be the last player with money when all other 
players have gone bankrupt!
GO
Community Chest
When you pass or land on the 
GO space, collect 2 coins from 
the Bank.
Take the top card from the deck.  
Read the card aloud, and 
immediately do what it says.  
Return it to the bottom of the deck 
when done. If the card tells you that 
you may keep it until you’re ready 
to use it, do so. After you use it, 
return it to the bottom of the deck. 
Just Visiting
Don’t worry. If you land here, 
put your token in the Just 
Visiting section.
Go to Jail 
Move your token to the In Jail 
space immediately! Do not 
collect 2 coins for passing 
GO. Your turn is then over. 
You can still collect rent, bid 
during auctions, buy Toad 
Houses and Peach’s Castles, 
mortgage, and trade while 
you are in Jail.
Chain Chomp and 
Piranha Plant
Pay the Bank the amount shown 
on the board space.
Free Parking
Relax! Nothing happens.
PROPERTIES
Unowned Properties
When you land on an unowned location or utility, you must buy it or auction it. 
There are two types of properties: locations, which come in color sets, 
and utilities, Bowser Jr. and Magikoopa.  
Owned Properties
When you land on a property that someone else owns, the owner must ask you for rent. If they do, 
you must pay. If they don’t ask before the next player rolls the die, you don’t have to pay!
Collect color sets!
When you own each location in a color set:
Want to buy it?
Pay the price on the board space, and take 
the Title Deed card from the Bank.
Locations Utilities
Pay the rent shown on the 
location’s Title Deed card. 
Roll the die to determine 
rent. If the owner has 1 utility, 
pay the amount rolled. If the 
owner has both utilities, pay 
double the amount rolled. 
Who goes first?
Each player rolls the die. The highest roller 
starts, and play moves to the left.
Start playing!
That’s all you need to 
know, so get going.  
Look up the spaces as 
you land on them.
On your turn
(Total = 30 coins)
1 Question Block  
Reminder Card
Keep the rest of the coins 
in the box as the Bank.
• The Bank’s money
• Toad Houses
• Peach’s Castles
• Title Deed cards
• Auctions
Don’t want to buy it?
The Banker must auction it. Bidding starts at 1 coin, 
and anyone can increase the bid by as little as 1 coin. 
You don’t need to follow turn order, and the Banker 
ends the auction when no player is willing to increase 
the bid. The highest bidder pays the Bank. If no one 
wants to bid on the property, that’s fine. No one pays 
anything, and the Title Deed stays with the Bank.
• You can double the rent for those locations! 
• You may build Toad Houses and Peach’s Castles and 
charge even more rent! See BUILDINGS.
How do I get out of Jail?
You have 3 options:
1. Pay 5 coins at the start of your next turn, 
then roll and move as normal.
2. Use a Get Out of Jail Free card at the start 
of your next turn if you have one (or buy one 
from another player). Put the card at the 
bottom of the Community Chest deck,  
then roll and move. 
3. Roll a 6 on your next turn. If you do, you’re 
free! Use the roll to move, and that’s the end 
of your turn.  
You can use up to 3 turns to try for a 6. If you 
don’t roll a 6 by your third turn in Jail, pay 5 
coins, and use your last roll to move.
x 5
x 5
2
6
5
4
3
Question Block
If you land here, press the  
button on the Question Block.  
What sound did you hear?  
Coin ping 
For each “ping” you hear,  
collect 1 coin from the Bank!
Power-up ring
Roll the die and move again. Follow the rules  
of the space where you land. 
Bowser’s laugh
Pay the Bank 5 coins.
“Game Over” tune
Pay the Bank 10 coins.
E95170000_MN_SM_I.indd   2 12/9/19   10:40 AM
