=== Page 1 ===
®
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
    BRAND®
Building Hideouts
As soon as you get a color set, you can 
start buying Hideouts (you don’t have 
to wait for your turn).
•  Pay to the Bank the Hideout cost price on the Title 
Deed card and place a Hideout on the Location.
•  You must build evenly. You cannot build a second 
Hideout on a Location until you’ve built one on each 
Location in its color set. You can have only  
4 Hideouts on a Location.
Building Facilities
Once you have 4 Hideouts on all 
Locations in a color set, you can pay to 
upgrade to a Facility.
•  Pay to the Bank the Facility cost price on the Title 
Deed card, return all 4 Hideouts to the Bank, and put 
a Facility on the Location.
•  You can build only 1 Facility per Location. You can’t 
add any more Hideouts.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Not enough buildings?
If multiple players want the last Hideout or Facility, the 
Banker must auction it. Bids start at A 10.
No buildings left?
You can’t buy any until someone sells theirs back.
 
Deals & Trades
You can buy, sell, or swap property with other 
players at any time.
You must sell all Hideouts and Facilities in a color set 
to the Bank before you can sell or trade a Location. 
You cannot sell (or trade) Hideouts or Facilities to 
another player.
Property can be traded for cash, other property, and/
or Get Out of Jail Free cards. The amount is decided 
by the players making the deal.
Mortgaged property can be traded at any agreed price .
The new owner must immediately either:
• repay the mortgage (pay the Bank the unmortgage         
    cost), or
• keep the mortgage (just pay the Bank 10% of the  
   mortgage value now).
HELP! I CAN’T PAY!BUILDINGS
If you’re still in debt, you are bankrupt and  
out of the game!
Do you owe another player?
Give them any Get Out of Jail Free cards and  
all your mortgaged properties.
The new owner must immediately either:
• repay the mortgage (pay the Bank the  
   unmortgage cost), or
• keep the mortgage  (just pay the Bank 10%  
   of the mortgage value now).  
 
Do you owe the Bank?
Return all your properties to the Bank.  
Any mortgages are cancelled.
All your properties must immediately be put  
up for auction. 
Return any Get Out of Jail Free cards to the 
bottom of the pile.
Try to raise money.
If you owe money and can’t pay, try to  
raise money by selling buildings and/or  
mortgaging properties . 
Selling Buildings
   Sell Facilities to the Bank for half the cost price and 
exchange them immediately for 4 Hideouts. 
Sell Hideouts to the Bank for half the cost price. 
Hideouts must be sold evenly across the color set.
Mortgaging Property
To mortgage a property, you must first sell to the 
Bank all buildings in its color set at half their cost price.  
To mortgage, turn the Title Deed card facedown     
and collect the mortgage value shown on the back 
from the Bank. 
To repay a mortgage, pay the unmortgage  
cost to the Bank (mortgage value +10%), then  
turn the card faceup.
2.1. Lending money between players, receiving cash for landing on Free Parking, and never auctioning 
properties are just some of the “house” rules that lengthen the game.
To keep your game short and sweet, don’t use house rules!
Always auction when someone doesn’t want to buy the property they’ve landed on.
 Never loan money to other players or make deals not to charge each other rent.
Never put cash in the center of the board; you don’t get a bonus for landing on Free Parking!
© & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name 
and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and 
game equipment.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. All Rights Reserved. TM & ®   denote U.S. Trademarks. 
Consumer contact: 
USA and Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 800-255-5516. 
Hasbro Australia Ltd., Level 4, 67-71 Epping Rd, Macquarie Park, NSW 2113, Australia. TEL. 1300 138 697. 
Hasbro NZ (a branch of Hasbro Australia Ltd.), 221 Albany Highway, Auckland, New Zealand. TEL. 0508 828 200. 
101E170200
TOP TIPS
If you land on an unowned Location, Vehicle, or Power 
Source  and you don’t want to buy it, the Banker must 
auction it.
 
1.  The Banker starts the auction by offering the space  
to everyone for A10.
2.  Anyone can increase the bid by as little as A 1  
(even the Banker and the player who originally 
landed on the space).
3.  The highest bidder wins the auction, pays the Bank, 
and takes the Title Deed card.
What if no one wants it?
That’s fine. No one pays anything.
E1702
8+ 2-4
AGES
PLAYERS
Contents
Gameboard • 4 plastic  character tokens • 28 Title Deed cards • 16 Smuggler 
cards • 16 Scoundrel cards • 32 Hideouts • 12 Facilities • 2 dice • money pack
AUCTIONS
You cannot build on a Location if any Location 
in its color set is mortgaged.
Rent cannot be collected on properties that  
are mortgaged. However, the increased rent  
level can be collected on the unmortgaged  
Locations in a color set.
The increased rent on unmortgaged Vehicles and 
Power Sources may be collected in the same way.
The remaining players keep playing until  
there is only one person left in the game.  
That player is the winner! 
E17020000 18 I SW Han Solo MN.indd   1 11/29/17   12:22 PM

=== Page 2 ===
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
© 1935, 2017 Hasbro. © & ™ Lucasfilm Ltd.
FREE
PARKING
COLLECT
a200 SALARY
AS YOU PASS
IN
JAILJUST
VISITING
GO TO
JAIL
2.   Give each player:
  5x 
 
1x 
 
2x 
 
1x 
 
1x 
 
4x 
 
2x
Choose someone to be Banker.
The Banker’s in charge of:
The Bank’s money
Hideouts
Facilities
Title Deed cards
Auctions
The Banker can play too, but must keep 
their money separate from the Bank.
Action Spaces
Shuffle the Smuggler cards  
and place them facedown here. 
Shuffle the Scoundrel cards and 
place them facedown here.
3.
4.
5.
PLAY!
How to win
Move around the board buying as many Star  Wars 
properties (Locations, Vehicles, and Power Sources) 
as you can. The more you own, the more rent you’ll 
collect! If you’re the last player with any money when 
all other players have gone bankrupt, you win! 
 
Who goes first? 
Each player rolls both dice. The highest roller goes first. 
On your turn:
1. Roll both dice.
2. Move forward that number of spaces.
3.   Where did you land? Check THE BOARD SPACES 
section of this guide and follow the instructions.
 
Did you roll a double? Then roll the dice again  
and take another turn.
 Watch out! If you roll a double 3 times in a row,  
you must Go To Jail!
 
4.   Your turn is over. The player on your left goes next.
Start playing!
That’s all you need to know, so get going!  
Look up the spaces as you land on them.
Each player chooses  
a token and places it  
on GO. 
6.
Put the dice by 
the gameboard.
7.
Locations
Unowned Locations
When you land on a Location that no one owns, 
either buy it or auction it.
THE BOARD SPACES
Want to buy it?
Pay the price shown on 
the board space and take 
the Title Deed card.
Don’t want to buy it?
Then the Banker must 
auction it. Bids start at 
A10. All players can bid .
Owned Locations
When you land on a Location that someone else owns, pay them the 
rent shown on the Location’s Title Deed card.
Collect color sets to build Hideouts!
You can’t build Hideouts on a Location 
until you get a color set!
•  Rent goes up on each Location as soon as you complete the set.
•  If you buy Hideouts, rent goes up even more!
•  Later, you can upgrade to Facilities! 
(See BUILDINGS for more info.)
SET IT UP!
1.     Choose someone to read these rules  
out loud to all players.
Explore the galaxy with Han Solo and his group of fellow smugglers as you trade your way around the 
board, traveling from the Battlefield to the Imperial Academy and beyond! Cut deals, take risks with the 
Smuggler and Scoundrel cards, and target locations such as the infamous Kessel Run! Your quest for 
riches has begun!
Vehicles
Unowned Vehicles
When you land on a Vehicle that no one owns, 
either buy it or auction it.
Power Sources
Unowned Power Sources
When you land on a Power Source that no one 
owns, either buy it or auction it.
Want to buy it?
Pay the price shown on 
the board space and take 
the Title Deed card.
Owned Vehicles
When you land on a Vehicle that someone else owns, pay them rent. 
Rent depends on how many Vehicles the owner has.
Don’t want to buy it?
Then the Banker must 
auction it. Bids start at 
A10. All players can bid.
( Tot al=A1500)
 Keep the rest of the money 
in the box as the Bank.
Property
There are three types of properties: Locations, Vehicles, and Power Sources.
Watch out! The owner must ask you for rent before the next 
player rolls the dice. If they don’t ask, you don’t have to pay!
Owned Power Sources
When you land on a Power Source that someone else owns,  
pay them rent.
Roll the dice again to decide rent. If the owner has 1 Power Source,  
rent is 4x the dice roll. If the owner has 2 Power Sources, rent is 10x  
the dice roll.
GO
 If your move took you onto or past the GO space, collect  
A200 from the Bank.
Smuggler / Scoundrel
Take the top card from the matching pile and immediately do 
what it says. Then return it to the bottom of the pile. 
 
Debt / Mercenary Fee 
Pay the Bank the amount shown on the space.
Free Parking
There’s nothing to trade or smuggle here. Just wait until your 
next turn, then roll and move. 
Just Visiting
Don’t worry, you’re not In Jail. Simply put your token in the 
Just Visiting section.
Go To Jail
Move your token to the In Jail space immediately! Do not 
collect A200 for passing GO. Your turn is then over. You can 
still collect rent, auction, buy Hideouts and Facilities, mortgage, 
and trade while you are In Jail.
Want to buy it?
Pay the price shown on 
the board space and take 
the Title Deed card.
Don’t want to buy it?
Then the Banker must 
auction it. Bids start at 
A10. All players can bid.
How do I get out of Jail?
You have 3 options:
1.  Pay A50 at the start of your next turn, then roll and move as normal.
2.  Use a Get Out of Jail Free card at the start of your next turn if you 
have one (or buy one from another player). Put the card at the bottom 
of the appropriate pile, then roll and move.
3.  Roll a double on your next turn. If you do, you’re free! Use the roll to 
move, and that’s the end of your turn. You can use up to 3 turns to try for 
a double. If you don’t roll a double by your third turn In Jail, pay A50 and 
use your last roll to move.
Vehicles 1 2 3 4
Rent A25 A50 A100 A200
Note: The Millennium Falcon board space is a Location, not a Vehicle!
E17020000 18 I SW Han Solo MN.indd   2 11/30/17   11:11 AM
