=== Page 1 ===
®
© & TM Lucasfilm Ltd.   
The HASBRO GAMING and MONOPOLY names and logos, the distinctive design of the gameboard, the four 
corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the 
board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment. 
 
© 1935, 2015 Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA. All Rights Reserved. TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
HASBRO CANADA, LONGUEUIL, QC, CANADA J4G 1G2.
Consumer contact: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P.O. Box 200, Pawtucket,  
RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL: 800-255-5516.
Colors and parts may vary from those pictured. Please retain this information for future reference.  
Les couleurs et les pièces peuvent différer de celles illustrées.  
Conservez cette information pour référence ultérieure.
www.monopoly.com    starwars.hasbro.com    starwars.com/theforceawakens
0316B0324079 Aa 
767B0324B00 B0324
CONTENTS:  1 Gameboard, 4 Character Tokens, 48 Bases (all double-sided),  
36 Force Cards, 4 Symbol Cards, 2 Dice, and 1 Money Pack.
c Fast-Dealing Property Trading Game c
2–4
8+
AGES
PLAYERS
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   12-1 7/8/16   12:40 PM

=== Page 2 ===
KASHYYYK TATOOINEHOTH KAMINO
GEONOSIS ENDORDAGOBAH CORUSCANT
KASHYYYK
Kashyyyk is the Wookiee homeworld, covered in 
dense forest. While Wookiees build their homes in the 
planet’s trees, they are not a primitive species, and 
Kashyyyk architecture incorporates sophisticated 
technology. One of the last battles of the Clone 
Wars was fought here under the leadership of Yoda, 
with Wookiees and clones battling the Separatist 
droid army – until the Emperor issued Order 66, 
commanding the clones to slaughter all Jedi. 
GEONOSIS 
A harsh rocky world less than a parsec away from 
Tatooine, Geonosis is a ringed planet beyond the 
borders of the Galactic Republic. Its uninviting surface 
is made up of harsh, rocky desert. The most advanced 
life-form are the Geonosians, sentient insectoids 
that inhabit towering spire-hives. The Geonosians
 
maintained large factories for the production of droids 
and weapons for the Separatist cause in the Clone Wars.
TATOOINE
A harsh desert world orbiting twin suns along the 
Outer Rim of the galaxy, Tatooine is ruled by the 
immoral Hutts. Most settlers operate moisture farms 
in the desert, but cities such as Mos Espa and Mos 
Eisley attract a wide range of criminals and rogues. 
Tatooine’s many dangers include sudden sandstorms, 
bands of roving Tusken Raiders, and carnivorous 
krayt dragons. Tatooine is also known for dangerous 
Podraces, rampant gambling, and legalized slavery.
ENDOR
Secluded in a remote corner of the galaxy, the forest 
moon of Endor would easily have been overlooked 
by history were it not for the decisive battle that 
occurred there. The lush, forest home of the Ewok 
species is the gravesite of Darth Vader and the 
Empire itself. It was here that the Rebel Alliance won 
its most crucial victory over the Galactic Empire.
HOTH 
Hoth is the sixth planet in the remote system of 
the same name, and was the site of the Rebel 
Alliance’s Echo Base. It is a world of snow and ice, 
surrounded by numerous moons, and home to 
deadly creatures like the wampa.
DAGOBAH 
Home to Yoda during his final years, Dagobah is a 
swamp-covered planet – a forgotten world where 
the wizened Jedi Master could escape the notice 
of Imperial forces. Characterized by its bog-like 
conditions and fetid wetlands, the murky and humid 
quagmire remains undeveloped, with no signs of 
technology. Though it lacks civilization, the planet is 
teeming with life – from its dense, jungle undergrowth 
to its diverse animal population. 
KAMINO 
A lonely world beyond the Outer Rim, few could 
have predicted that Kamino would become a key 
contributor to a massive shift in political power in 
the final days of the Republic. Kamino is a planet 
of endless oceans and storms. Few features mark 
its surface, save for massive stilt-mounted cities 
wherein reside the planet’s natural inhabitants, the 
Kaminoans. From Tipoca City, the planet’s Prime 
Minister, Lama Su, closely monitored the operations 
of Kamino’s most prized export: clones. 
CORUSCANT 
A city-covered planet, Coruscant is the vibrant heart 
and capital of the galaxy, featuring a diverse mix of 
citizens and culture. It features towering skyscrapers, 
streams of speeder-filled air traffic, and inner levels 
that stretch far below the world’s surface. Coruscant 
was the seat of government for the Galactic Republic 
and the Empire that followed, and was the site of 
numerous historic events during the Clone Wars.
10 11
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   10-11 7/8/16   12:42 PM

=== Page 3 ===
Hyperdrive
Move to any unowned planet space between you and the next  
Hyperdrive space.
If all the spaces are owned in that zone, you can make a bigger leap to any 
unowned space in the next zone, and the next if necessary. 
If you pass GO while in Hyperdrive, do not collect 200 Credits.
Bounty Hunter
Make any planet space your own!  
Take one of your Bases from the Bank and use it to either: 
• Take over an unowned planet space; or
•  Replace any existing Base on the board, returning that player’s Base to 
the Bank.
Just Visiting
If you land here, do nothing. Pop your token on the Just Visiting section.
Free Parking
Do nothing. Take a load off and recharge your power couplings.
Go To Jail
Move your token to the In Jail space immediately. Do not pass GO.  
Do not collect 200 Credits. Your turn is over. You cannot collect any rent or 
take part in auctions while you’re In Jail.
So, how do you get out of Jail?
•  Pay 100 Credits to the Bank at the start of your next turn, then roll and 
move as normal.
•  Use a Get Out of Jail Free card.
•  Roll a double on your next turn. If you do, you’re free! Use the roll to 
move. You can use up to three turns to try for a double. If you don’t  
roll a double by your third turn in Jail, pay 100 Credits and use your last 
roll to move as normal.
Trade Federation Tax
Pay 200 Credits to the Bank.
Are you out of money?
• If you owe the Bank, keep any cash you do have and remove your highest-placed Base.
•  If you owe another player, keep your cash and remove your highest-placed Base from the board. 
The player owed puts one of their Bases in its place!
• If you have no money or Bases, do nothing; you’ve got it bad enough!
WIN!
•  As soon as every planet space has a Base on it, the game ends. The side with the most 
Bases on the board wins!
•  The player with the most Bases on the winning side is the ultimate winner!
•  In case of a draw, the winner is the player who owns the highest-placed Base.
8 9
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   8-9 7/8/16   12:41 PM

=== Page 4 ===
THE BOARD SPACES
Unowned Planet Spaces
You must either buy or auction any unowned planet space.
•  To buy it, pay the price shown on the outer board space , then put one of 
your Bases on to the linked hexagonal space  on the planet itself. Make 
sure the Base has your symbol face up to show you own it!
•  If you don’t want to buy it, the Banker must auction it. Bidding starts at 
10 Credits. Anyone can increase the bid (even the player who originally 
landed on the space). The winning bid is paid to the Bank.
•  If no one wants it, that’s fine. Leave the planet space empty.
Owned Planet Spaces
You must pay the owner rent. Rent is shown on the planet itself next to  
the owned hexagonal Base space , but the amount you have to pay 
depends on which side the owner is on.
•  If the owner is an enemy, you must pay the full rent.
•  If an ally, you only pay half the rent!
•  Out of money to pay the rent? Turn to page 9 for instructions.
Watch out! The owner must ask for the rent before the next player rolls  
the dice; you snooze, you lose!
Color set = double the rent!
If you, on your own or as part of the Rebel/Empire side, own all the Bases  
on a planet, the rent owed is doubled! 
GO
Every time you land on or pass the GO space, collect 200 Credits (except  
when engaged in Hyperdrive).
Just say no! cards can be played at any time to cancel any player’s 
action against you! If that player has another Just say no! card, they can 
use it to cancel yours; sorry!
Discard used Force and Chance cards face up. If you run out of cards, 
shuffle the discard piles to create new Rebel and Empire decks.
Force Card Spaces
Land on Rebel or Empire spaces to pick up Force cards! 
 If you land on a Rebel space                      ... or an Empire space
    ... pick up a matching card and take a closer look...
 ... which action matches your color?
Remember!  
Don’t forget the cards in your hand from the start of the game!
Pay this to buy
Charge this for rent If it’s the top half,  
it’s a Force card! 
Keep and play as many 
of these powerful cards 
as you wish, at any 
time, to turn the battle 
in your favor! 
(If you play a Force card 
at the start of your  
turn, just remember to 
roll afterwards.)
But if it’s the 
bottom half, 
you must take a 
Chance!
Read and play 
the action 
immediately.
6 7
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   6-7 7/8/16   12:41 PM

=== Page 5 ===
PLAY!SET IT UP!
1.  Players need to choose which side  
they are on: Rebel (blue) or Empire (red). 
2.  Ensure there are even players on each side.  
For a three-player game, see the page opposite. 
3.  Choose your character token and put it on GO. Place your 
chosen symbol card in front of you for everyone to see.
4.  Shuffle the Rebel Force cards and place them face down  
on this card space:
5.  Shuffle the Empire Force cards and place them face down  
on this card space:
6.  Rebel players each take three Rebel Force cards, and 
Empire players each take three Empire Force cards. 
  • Look at them now, but keep them secret.  
• Keep cards until needed, then use them at any time. 
7.  Choose a player to be Banker.  
The Banker is in charge of:
 • The Bank’s money
 • Rebel and Empire Bases
 • Auctions
  The Banker can play too, but must keep their money 
separate from the Bank’s.
8. Give each player: 
 
 
  Total = 1500 Credits. 
Keep the rest of the money in the plastic tray as the Bank.
9.  The youngest Rebel player goes first. 
Play continues to the left.
How to win
•  Once every planet on the board has Bases 
built on it, the side with the most Bases 
wins, Rebel or Empire.
•  The player with the most Bases on the 
winning side is the ultimate winner!
•  In case of any draws, the balance of power 
is tipped by the highest-placed Base.
How to play
1. Roll both dice. 
2.  Move your token forward that number of 
spaces.
3.  Where did you land? Check The Board 
Spaces section of this guide.
4.  If you rolled a double, move, then roll and 
move again. 
  Watch out! If you roll a double three times 
in the same turn, you must Go To Jail!
5.  Your turn is over. The player on your left 
goes next.
Start playing! 
That’s all you need to know, so get going!  
Look up the spaces as you land on them.
Three-player game setup
•  The solo player always goes first and takes six Rebel or Empire Force cards 
at the beginning of the game, depending on their chosen side.
4 5
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   4-5 7/8/16   12:41 PM

=== Page 6 ===
OBJECT OF THE GAME
• Travel around the galaxy, buying planets to build Bases on.
• When every planet is owned, the battle is over! Count up the Bases.
• The player with the most Bases on the winning side is the ultimate winner! 
• May the Force be with you...
 
CHOOSE YOUR SIDE
Choose to play as either Rebel (blue) or Empire (red) in this galactic battle for ultimate power. 
Team up to confront your enemy, but remember there can be only one winner!
 
BASES AND SYMBOLS
Once you’ve picked your character token, pick a symbol card of the same color. 
  Rebel players, choose either                         or
  Empire players, choose either                      or
Take a closer look... 
• Pick up a matching colored Base. 
• You’ll find your chosen symbol on one side.
• Place the Base this side up during the game to show you own a planet space!
USE THE FORCE CARDS!
Land on Rebel or Empire spaces to pick up Force cards! 
 If you land on a Rebel space                                  ... or an Empire space
 ... pick up a matching card and take a closer look…
... which action matches your color?
If it’s the top half,  
it’s a Force card! 
Keep and play as many 
of these powerful cards 
as you wish, at any 
time, to turn the battle 
in your favor! 
(If you play a Force card 
at the start of your  
turn, just remember to 
roll afterwards.)
But if it’s the 
bottom half, 
you must take a 
Chance!
Read and play 
the action 
immediately.
PLANET SPACES
Travel around the galaxy, buying planets to build Bases on.
Charge rent every time players land on your space!
Owning a whole planet (color set) means double the rent!
OUT OF CASH?
No one goes bankrupt in MONOPOLY Star Wars, but if you can’t pay the rent, 
you will lose your most valuable Base!
READ THESE PAGES FIRST!
MONOPOLY Star Wars™  is a very different game! So what’s new?
2 3
B03240790 16 I SW Monopoly.indd   2-3 7/8/16   12:40 PM
